Junior ICT Supporter 100% (m/w/d)Xovis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZollikofenJunior ICT 
Supporter 100% (m/w/d)Junior ICT Supporter 100% (m/w/d) Zollikofen 100% Wir sind eine internationale Marktführerin für intelligente Lösungen im Bereic
h "People Flow" und meistern Herausforderungen an Flughäfen, in Retail, Transportation und Building Management. Mit einer eigenen, «Swiss made» Hard- 
und Software für die präzise, datenschutzkonforme Zählung von Personen und die Optimierung von Personenflüssen leisten wir einen Beitrag zum Erfolg un
serer Kunden und schaffen Sicherheit und Wohlbefinden für Menschen die unterwegs sind. Dabei bildet unsere hochpräzise 3D Technologie in Kombination m
it «Artificial Intelligence» das Fundament des grossen Erfolges. Trotz starkem Wachstum und über 130 Mitarbeitenden weltweit leben wir jeden Tag den X
ovis-Spirit, welcher uns schon als Schweizer Startup prägte. Informatik ist deine Welt und Du begeisterst Dich für einen professionellen Kundenservice
? Wenn Du einen Job in einem spannenden, dynamischen und internationalen Umfeld suchst, haben wir die perfekte Stelle für Dich. Was dich erwartet  Du 
bist die erste Anlaufstelle für unsere internationalen Kunden bei technischen Anfragen Du analysierst und löst Störungen in Bereich Netzwerk, Server, 
Datenbanken und Software Du modifizierst Systeme basierend auf Kundenanfragen und führst Software-Updates durch Als Bindeglied zwischen der Entwicklun
g und dem Kunden betreust und koordinierst Du anspruchsvolle Kundenanliegen  Was du mitbringst  Technische Grundausbildung in der Informatik (Lehrabgä
nger willkommen) Erfahrungen in IT spezifischen Netzwerkthemen Hohe Kundenorientierung sowie analytisches Denken Kommunikative, selbstständige und tea
mfähige Persönlichkeit Lösungsorientierte, speditive sowie exakte Arbeitsweise Sehr gute Deutsch- und gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift  Was
 wir dir bieten  Eine klare Vision und Strategie sowie eine flache Hierarchie Wertschätzendes und kollegiales Arbeitsklima mit gelebter DU-Kultur sowi
e regelmäßige Teamevents Modernes und zentral gelegenes Office direkt neben dem Bahnhof Zollikofen sowie kostenlose Parkmöglichkeiten Home-Office Mögl
ichkeit sowie flexibles Arbeiten Attraktive Mitarbeiter-Benefits  Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung. Hinweis: Diese Stelle versuchen wir ohne Persona
lvermittlungen zu besetzen.KontaktXovis AG(1)9 Jobshttps://www.xovis.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


R&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market AnalyticsHitachi Energy AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:AargauR&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics At Hitachi Energy our purpose is advancing a su
stainable​ energy future for all. We bring power to our homes, schools, hospitals and factories.  Join us and work with fantastic people, while learni
ng  and developing yourself on projects that have a real impact to our communities and society. Bring your passion, bring your energy, and be part of 
a global team that appreciates a simple truth: Diversity + Collaboration = Great Innovation    Our flexible work practices help you optimize personal 
and business performance while creating an environment where all employees can develop their skills and grow.    We’re looking for top talent to join 
our team!  Hitachi Energy Research is looking for a Researcher with expertise in the area of Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics. You will j
oin a dynamic, motivated and creative team with a broad range of experience and competences. As part of our team you will combine theory with practice
, creating, testing and validating new technologies to enable the energy transition.   For this position you can be located at one of our research cen
ters in Mannheim/Germany, Baden/Switzerland, Montreal/Canada, Raleigh/US, Krakow/Poland or Västeras/Sweden.   Your Responsibilities  Propose, contribu
te to and lead research projects designing trading solutions for energy markets (electricity, non-electric energy, multi-energy systems, CO2 compensat
ion), risk management, strategic investment and intelligence tools Be the energy trading domain expert in our interdisciplinary team, collaborating wi
th experts in power systems, AI, optimization, mathematics, data science, SW and human-computer interaction. Propose investigate, and develop automate
d trading solutions with business impact, turn them into prototypes and verify them  Develop concepts for combining models of energy markets with new 
and emerging technologies such as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Network in the company and actively distribute your knowledge and expe
rtise Collaborate with local and global external partners including universities, open-source communities, startups and vendors Disseminate your resul
ts in scientific publications, patent applications, and technical reports    Your background  Strong academic qualification with an internationally re
cognized degree at masters or doctorate level in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Power Systems Engineering, or any r
elated field. In-depth knowledge of energy planning and trading solutions, including aspects such as market analytics, market data automation and inte
gration solutions and trading and risk management. Software development experience to develop trading algorithms Experience that demonstrates your tea
m-oriented, innovative, and strategic working styles Fluency in English, both written and spoken.     Hitachi Energy is a global technology leader tha
t is advancing a sustainable energy future for all. We serve customers in the utility, industry and infrastructure sectors with innovative solutions a
nd services across the value chain. Together with customers and partners, we pioneer technologies and enable the digital transformation required to ac
celerate the energy transition towards a carbon-neutral future. We are advancing the world’s energy system to become more sustainable, flexible and se
cure whilst balancing social, environmental and economic value. Hitachi Energy has a proven track record and unparalleled installed base in more than 
140 countries. Headquartered in Switzerland, we employ around 38,000 people in 90 countries and generate business volumes of approximately $10 billion
 USD. www.hitachienergy.com BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Test EngineerTalan SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveTest EngineerTest Engineer  Full-
time Contract Type: Long term contract  Company Description For 20 years, Talan has advised major companies and administrations, supported them, and i
mplemented their transformation and innovation projects. The Group places innovation at the heart of its development and operates in areas related to 
technological changes, such as Big Data, IoT, Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence. Present on 21 countries Talan has been operating for 20 years, a
dvising major companies in Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public Sector. Our consultants are agile and pragmatic. We 
combine together consulting services, technological expertise and a capacity to deliver and deploy projects. We do everything possible to ensure that 
our employees can thrive and grow at Talan. As a result, we have received the "Great Place to Work" certification, which recognizes compagnies where i
t feels good to work. Present in Geneva and Lausanne, Talan Switzerland now has nearly 150 employees. Initially focuse in the financial sector, Talan 
has developed in recent years in the watchmaking, insurance, media and services sectors. Job Description ▪ You work autonomously in an Agile team and 
in continuous improvement spirit. ▪ You write, review and update the Equipment Requirements in alignment with the Product Owner using Polarion or Door
s. ▪ You create and maintain the test cases to provide full coverage of Equipment Requirements using Polarion or Doors. ▪ You write automatic test scr
ipts for test automation environment. (Squish, Python) ▪ You execute manual and automatic tests in integrated validation environment as part of sprint
 work during the Build phase or as part of the SAT during acceptance phase and report test results. ▪ You analyse and describe issues/bugs in the issu
es Database, and you participate to their classification. ▪ You collaborate with the systems end users and other teams to understand business needs an
d functional specifications. ▪ You act as point of contact to clarify identified defects or related Equipment Requirements. Qualifications ▪ You have 
at least 5 years of experience in Air Traffic Management Domain or a safety critical domain. ▪ You have a proven experience in the writing of software
 specifications and experience in the software testing. ▪ You have a high analytical capacity, and you can understand the end user needs and transcrip
t them to requirements for the Development Team. ▪ You are adaptable, autonomous, rigorous and you appreciate teamwork. ▪ You are organized with an ab
ility to prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, and utilize time effectively. ▪ You have a high resistance to stress, and you are flexible. ▪ Computing exp
erience in the air traffic control domain or other areas with real-time and security requirements, as well as experience with standards such as ED153/
ED109 or ED12B/C are major advantages for this position. ▪ You have a proven experience with test automation tools using Python (use of Squish, Jenkin
s experiences are major advantages for this position) ▪ Fluent written and spoken French and English is required, German is a plus. ▪ Pro-active in a 
self-organized teamBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral position in the Computational Structural Biology laboratoryUniversità della Svizzera italianaBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 November
 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuganoPostdoctoral position in the Computational Structural Biology laboratoryPostdoctoral position i
n the Computational Structural Biology laboratory (Andrea Cavalli)  About IRB The Institute for Research in Biomedicine (IRB, Bellinzona, Switzerland,
 www.irb.usi.ch) is aleading center for basic and translational research in immunology. IRB offers competitivesalaries and working conditions at all l
evels in a dynamic, multicultural environment, and is anequal opportunity employer. IRB is located in the town of Bellinzona in Ticino, Switzerland, o
ffering exceptional quality oflife and exciting recreational activities, including hiking, climbing and swimming, as well ascultural activities. It is
 within close proximity of Locarno, Lugano and the Italian cities of Comoand Milano. Although located in the Italian part of Switzerland, English is t
he main workinglanguage.  Artificial Intelligence applied to antibody discovery The Computational Structural Biology laboratory at IRB Bellinzona, led
 by Andrea Cavalli, islooking for a dedicated and highly motivated postdoctoral researcher to work on thedevelopment and application of artificial int
elligence (AI) to the study of immune response. Theposition offers a unique opportunity to engage in cutting-edge research applying largelanguage mode
ls (LLMs) for antibody discovery. page 2 / 2 Funding and Duration The project is funded by a Sinergia grant from the Swiss National Science Foundation
 (SNSF)and will be carried out in a laboratory affiliated to the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics (SIB).Preferred starting date is 6/2024. The positi
on is for 36 months.  Qualifications Our international team will welcome candidates: with a PhD in Computational Sciences, Computational Biology or re
lated fields, with expertise in development and application of novel AI based methods, such as large language models (LLM), with strong programming sk
ills (Python), with experience in structural biology. We offer an inspiring and dynamic research environment, including state-of-the art research faci
lities, a vibrant and international scientific community, regular active attendance of national and international scientific meetings, position is for
 a fixed term of 3 years, but with possible long-term prospects. Interested candidates are kindly requested to send an application containing a cover 
letter (1page), CV (1 page), summary of previous research (1 page), and the contact information oftwo professional references to: andrea.cavalli@irb.u
si.ch. KontaktUniversità della Svizzera Italiana(0)7 Jobshttps://www.unisi.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


BOM工程师Lenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichBOM工程师Why Work at Lenovo We 
are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenue global technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in
 the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers every day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold visio
n to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company by further expanding into growth areas that
 fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) including server, storage, mobile, software, solutions
, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for
 everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHub. Description and Requirements Here in Le
novo, you would be responsible for Lenovo Notebook Product BOM work, which is fundamental to Product Launch, lifecycle Operation management, and you w
ould need work closely with cross function team including R&D, Supply, Service. Detail focus would be as below: 1) Product BOM release plan management
 with close cooperation with function teams 2) Notebook Product BOM Release with high quality and efficiency. 3) BOM change Plan management and Lead B
OM Issue troubleshooting 4) Support Product New, Unique Requirements BOM solution assessment and Delivery 5) BOM Release and Engineering Change proces
s optimization 6) Product BOM Data Dashboard Creation through PowerBI or Python, not limited 7) BOM release Automation Tool Development through Python
 or Excel, not limited Position Requirements: 1） Focus and self-motivated, strong team player and individual performer 2) Bachelor’s degree and above,
 3+ Years work experience, PC industry experience is preferred 3) Familiar with BOM/SAP is a plus 4) Strong Project Management Skill, PMP is a plus 5)
 Good spoken and written English 7) Experience in PowerBI, Python is preferred 6) Knowledge in Big Data, Artificial intelligence is a plusBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / Master Thesis : AI Enhanced DevOps PlatformSecuTix SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:LausanneInternship / Master Thesis : AI Enhanced DevOps Platform About SECUTIX SECUTIX is the market leader in advanced digital solutions for 
the events industry. Offering a seamlessly integrated and open cloud platform, SECUTIX gives organizations complete control and a suite of tools to he
lp better understand and digitally engage with audiences, monetize products and services, secure operations and take audience experiences to the next 
level. SECUTIX serves a range of organizations on a global scale, including sport clubs, stadiums and arenas, museums, live entertainment organization
s, leisure parks and festivals. Its emblematic customers include the UEFA, Ópera National de Paris, Centre Pompidou, Paléo Festival, Musée Picasso Par
is and many more.       SecuTix, an ELCA group company, provides a SaaS based ticketing solution which is used worldwide for several major events. Sec
utix code base contains more than 500K lines of code spanned across several modules. Delivery agility, rate at which features or patches delivered in 
production, is critical aspect for Secutix growth trajectory.  The delivery goes through several quality checks imposed by continuous integration (CI)
 system based on various types of automation tests. Participants will be integrated into the leading DevOps team of the company.  They will undergo a 
swift introduction to the key components of the software factory and will be tasked with studying, analyzing, and developing features that enhance cur
rent capabilities.  The job demands an application-focused approach to artificial intelligence technology. A proposal for extension, documentation, im
plementation of features on top of the current product will be required.   You will work with multiple SECUTIX teams to develop a proof-of-concept pro
totype on Sandbox environment, and finish by researching and describing how the POC could be integrated to SECUTIX’ main production environments.     
› A dynamic work and collaborative environment with a highly motivated multi-cultural and international sites team › Attractive prospects for career p
ath & Personal development through training and coaching › The chance to make a difference in peoples’ life by building innovative solutions › Various
 internal coding events (Hackathon, Brownbags), see our technical blog › Monthly After-Works organized per locations › Good work-life balance (2 days 
per week from home) › Attractive pension fund with 3 types of Job Category employees’ contributions › Premium and worldwide coverage with Zurich      
  Software Engineering: Strong programming skills in languages like Python, Nodejs; basic knowledge in Go, C, bash.. and familiarity with software dev
elopment methodologies, and tools like Git, Docker, DevContainers.    Prompt Engineering: Extensive use of AI tools: Github Copilot, ChatGPT and many 
others.    Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and critical thinking abilities to identify and address challenges    Adaptability: Willingness to learn
 new technologies, methodologies, or domains as required by the project.    Open source Projects collaboration, experience and or knowledge is a plus 
but not mandatory BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Process Expert automated visual inspection - DPS Growth ProjectLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:SteinProcess Expert automated visual inspection - DPS Growth Project Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three
 continents. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together,
 devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve t
he world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of.  Located in Stein, Switzerland our successful CDMO Business Unit Drug Product Services (D
PS) currently offers exciting opportunities. As a Member of the Operations Team in a Capital investment project, the Process Expert (PE) provides fron
t line expertise for operational activities within one or more production steps and equipment, with respect to safety, quality and on-time full delive
ry. Become part of this exciting opportunity and apply now! Key responsibilities:   Establish, drive and maintain good CNC room management practices  
 Own and provide expertise to the two automated visual inspection lines, operational activities and project ramp-up   Execute and support validation a
nd qualification incl. all relevant documentation   Create, update and own change request on standard operating procedures and electronic batch record
s   Use scientific and statistical knowledge to analyze data to provide process understanding, and to identify root causes of product and process fail
ures   Maintain the assigned processes/equipment at Inspection readiness level and provide the necessary support in any internal or external audit   S
upport the goal of executing each batch safely, in time, in compliance with the quality requirements   Support innovation and future implementation of
 artificial intelligence (AI) based inspection   Support the team leader as deputy   Key requirements:   MSc. in Pharmaceutical Technology, Pharmacy, 
Engineering or equivalent scientific degree / equivalent experience   First experience in pharmaceutical aseptic production for drug product manufactu
re  especially in automated visual inspection   Good understanding of vision engineering or image analysis   Strong understanding of regulations and g
ood manufacturing practices relevant to aseptic manufacture of sterile drug products   Experienced in ramping up new production facility or new lines 
  Solid interpersonal and teamwork skills, able to work cross-functionally and collaborate with various levels   Flexible, able to respond to daily ch
anging demands   Effective communicator, verbal and written   Fluency in German and English   Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive
 impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but also a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is jus
t as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect our people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success a
t all if not achieved ethically. People come to Lonza for the challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sc
iences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningfu
l difference. Reference: R59110 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Marketing Specialist & Event Manager (Full Time Remote Europe)Ikerian AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:BernJunior Marketing Specialist & Event Manager (Full Time Remote Europe) Description:   Ikerian AG (formerly RetinAI Medical) is a 
fast-growing medical device software company headquartered in Bern, Switzerland. Our mission is to enable the right decisions sooner in healthcare, th
rough transformative AI & data management solutions for disease screening and monitoring. Join our diverse team of entrepreneurs, developers, research
ers, and commercial experts who are collectively shaping the future of healthcare. We are now looking for an enthusiastic, innovative and skilled Jr M
arketing Specialist to amplify our digital marketing and conference activities!   Role overview:   As a Junior Marketing Specialist, you’ll play a cru
cial role in shaping our digital presence and enhancing our brand visibility. You’ll be responsible for the content creation for our social media chan
nels, organising our participation in events, and aiding in the development of blog posts and educational content. You will work closely with our mark
eting, commercial, and business development teams to drive our marketing strategies forward.  We look for people who love what they do, have strong co
mmunication skills, are able to understand the needs of the industry, and are proactive and curious about solving challenging problems in a collaborat
ive environment.    Your key responsibilities will include:    Assist in the creation and curation of engaging content for social media platforms such
 as LinkedIn and Twitter. Prepare and coordinate our participation in various events, ensuring materials and activities are organised efficiently. Sup
port the development of insightful blog posts and manage the creation of educational content to promote company knowledge and expertise. Collaborate w
ith the marketing, commercial, and business development teams to support and implement effective marketing strategies.   Proactive mindset with a pass
ion for digital marketing, technology, digital health and artificial intelligence  Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s Degree in Marketing, Communication, o
r related field, or equivalent experience.  Prior experience in a marketing and communications role is highly desirable, and in a start-up or consulti
ng environment is a big plus  Strong curiosity and eagerness to learn about digital health, precision medicine and eye care Fluent in English, additio
nal languages are a plus  Strong organisational skills, capable of gathering inputs and information from colleagues to drive your activities independe
ntly  Team player with analytical skills, capable of identifying effective channels, metrics, and insights to guide your work and development  You can
 coordinate tasks in communications / marketing and develop your marketing activities without close supervision.   A chance to be part of an exception
al team driving innovation in healthcare. A competitive salary in a supportive work environment that fosters work-life balance. Opportunities for prof
essional growth and development in an international setting. A culture of collaboration and inclusion, which is fundamental to our ethos. Occasional t
ravel to our HQ in Switzerland, immersing you in our core operations and company culture. Provision of hardware and software equipment to facilitate e
fficient and effective remote work.    We invite qualified candidates eager to make a difference in healthcare technology to apply. BewerbenJob merken
Diesen Job melden


Consultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)Camelot Management Consultants AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselConsultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)                 #WeAreCamelot       Consultant Data Management &
 Innovations (all genders)    Camelot Management Consultants is the multiple award-winning European market leader in Data Management Consulting andAna
lytics pioneer. As Trusted Advisor to our clients and Tier One boutique consultancy for Data & Analytics, we stand for leading-edge expertise, innovat
ive concepts and solutions as well as for superior project quality and results.        Make a difference.       You will be part of Camelot's Innovati
ve Data Solutions team, which is one of the most important innovation drivers of our Data & Analytics Consulting Line and the European Data Management
 Community In particular, you will focus on the interface between data management and digital trends, e.g. artificial intelligence (AI) and robotic pr
ocess automation (RPA) Together with your team, you will drive the development and expansion of a global AI community in data management Your role wil
l involve complex and highly demanding data & analytics projects (strategy consulting, governance, change management, data & process modeling, etc.) w
ith the largest and most exciting global players in various industries, as well as research & development in the field of data & analytics         Bri
ng your experience.       You are characterized by a passion for exploring and learning, as well as a desire to be an enabler of a major digital trans
formation with innovative technologies and solutions You are an expert for digital trends in the combination of data management, data science and mana
gement andbusiness consulting or want to become one You already know how to work with data from your university studies or work experience Ideally, yo
u already have experience with SAP You are a team player and are not afraid of client contact up to top management level You have excellent communicat
ion and presentation skills in  both German and English (must have)        📍 MANNHEIM - COLOGNE - HAMBURG - MUNICH - BASEL - HYBRID    Ready to join? 
Heidrun Lehnertis your contact at Camelot.           Your benefits - what we offer.         We continuously support you in your successful career grow
th through cross-functional onboarding, mentoring, regular feedback, and target-oriented development through a versatile, high-profile, and personaliz
ed training catalog.    Become an innovation leader leveraging the company-wide innovation spirit and implement your visions with blueprints and proto
types.    Work flexibly from the customer site, our office locations, or your home – in short: benefit from our FlexWork concept. Recharge your batter
ies by taking a sabbatical.    Take care of yourself, others, and our planet by participating in our CSR & Diversity Community and Wellbeing & Resilie
nce Center initiatives.    Benefit from various, sustainable corporate discounts, sports options, and different mobility concepts, such as a company b
icycle. Receive an attractive bonus for each employee you recruit as part of our employee referral program. Make provisions for your future with our c
apital formation program and take out a company pension plan supported by us.    Experience the Camelot Spirit through regular company, social, or spo
rts events. Network, get into professional discussions, and stay informed through our internal communication platforms and formats, e.g., Lunch Roulet
tes, Knowledge Nuggets, and Townhall Meetings.          Camelot – Strategies. Innovation. Solutions.      We are a global management and technology co
nsulting firm focusing on value chain management. Our mission: turning our clients’ value chains into a competitive advantage and creating lasting imp
act where our clients need it most. By combining our industry focus, value chain process expertise, and technology know-how, we guide our clients from
 strategy to sustainable technology adoption.    Camelot is committed to diversity. DEIB is firmly anchored in our corporate values, CSR activities an
d entrepreneurial actions. As proud signatories of the Diversity Charter, our doors are open to all talent - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic
ity, religion, physical ability, age, sexual orientation and identity. At Camelot, you are welcome to be who you are.      Be different. Be you. Be Ca
melot.   #LI-HL1 BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Internship or Master's thesis Multimodal foundation models for proces
s digitisation and automation A master’s student or intern position is available for a candidate with a passion for developing intelligent workflows i
n the natural sciences, a positive and problem-solving attitude and the willingness to undertake challenging tasks that address real-world problems. T
he candidate will join for at least 4 months (master thesis) or 6 months (internship) the group of Artificial Intelligence for Scientific Discovery at
 IBM Research in Zurich that is embedded in a strong, worldwide IBM AI science community. Intelligent workflows, combining cloud and AI technologies, 
will have profound impacts on industries, increasing the efficiency in R&D processes and accelerating the development and adoption of sustainable solu
tions. Our team pushes this frontier with a culture of innovation and interdisciplinarity focusing on the creation and consumption of high-quality sci
ence. Qualifications  Enrolled or in possession of a Master's degree in computer science, physics, chemistry, or engineering with a sincere interest i
n cloud computing and in developing multimodal foundation models for process digitisation and automation. Excellent coding skills. Familiarity with Li
nux environments and software development tools (git/GitHub, IDEs, etc.). High amount of creativity and outstanding problem-solving ability.  Preferre
d Qualifications  Experience in machine learning or cloud. Experience with continuous integration pipelines. Excellent oral and written English with g
ood presentation skills. Strong interpersonal skills and excellent written and verbal communication.  Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the w
orkplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired b
alance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply Please submit your CV including contact information for two or th
ree references. We encourage candidates to also share a 3-minute video, in which they introduce themselves, as well as highlight their motivation and 
expertise. The video is not mandatory.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zür
ichCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, ot
her cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review 
your options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigati
on, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's project Chemical Reservoir Computing Project description T
he brain is the world’s most amazing, energy-efficient computer and runs entirely on chemical reactions. The vision of the EU Project CORENET is to de
ploy complex chemical reaction networks (CRNs) as computing unit to process information. Fully automated liquid-handling hardware and multi-functional
 reactors are available to initiate and control chemical reactions by changing composition and steering the evolution of the CRN. As a result, a large
 number of chemically diverse products is being generated and analyzed by a combination of optical inline spectroscopy (e.g. UV-VIS and FT-IR) and off
line mass-spectroscopy (e.g. LC-MS, MS-MS, TIMS-ToF), supported by cheminformatics and metabolomics algorithms. The goal of this master project is to 
treat the chemical processor as a reservoir and use it for classification tasks. This work includes:  extraction of compound-specific features from ex
isting analytical data; creating an output feature vector comprising both qualitative and quantitative information; establishing a data pipeline to au
tomatically feed in feature vectors for different input parameters covering a large phase space (chemical input + operation input + initial state); pe
rforming in-silico trainings for typical classification problems and different type of CRNs, and search and calculate elementary reaction pathways con
necting CRN feedstock reagents with selected compounds verified by MS-MS spectroscopy for reasoning by quantum chemistry.  Besides these data science 
tasks, interaction with the chemical computer located at IBM Research Europe - Zurich (in Rüschlikon, Switzerland) is desired to iteratively optimize 
the chemical protocols used for the operation of the wet-chemistry system. In addition to the static input variation of the CRN, dynamic operation com
bined with real-time read-out may be targeted. Furthermore, theoretical quantum chemistry models should be applied to reason about the evolution of th
e CRN by suggesting and calculating elementary reaction pathways connecting species in the network with experimentally validated compounds. Requiremen
ts Applicants are expected to hold a bachelor's degree in computer, data or mathematical science, theoretical chemistry or an engineering discipline a
nd to have a broad interest in data science, chemistry, automatization and artificial intelligence. A background in statistics and machine learning as
 well as hands-on experience with data analysis in Python, R, or MATLAB is required. Excellent communication and presentation skills would be of added
 value. If you are enthusiastic, willing to learn and explore, and want to become part of an open, collaborative and multi-cultural team dedicated to 
scientific excellence, then please apply below. Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural
 environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development and thei
r personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this position and you fulfill all the requirements, please submit your application including a
 motivation letter, a complete curriculum vitae and the names of at least two references. For technical questions, please contact please contact Dr. E
manuel Lörtscher, E-Mail schreiben.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist mit Schwerpunkt KIKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselData S
cientist mit Schwerpunkt KI Ihre Aufgaben Data Science: Die Analyse von komplexen Datensätzen gehört ebenso zu deinen Tätigkeiten wie die Bewertung ne
uer Technologien und Methoden im Bereich der Datenwissenschaften und der künstlichen Intelligenz. Machine Learning & KI: Du entwickelst und implementi
erst Machine Learning-Modelle zur Analyse großer Datenmengen und leitest die Evaluation, die Installation und das Finetuning von lokal installierten L
arge Language Models (LLM). Advanced Analytics: Du wendest Methoden der Advanced Analytics auf strukturierte und unstrukturierte Daten an und trägst z
ur Wissensvermittlung dieser Methoden an die Mitarbeitenden der kantonalen Verwaltung bei. Ihr Profil Erfahrung: Data Science ist dein Fachgebiet. Du 
hast Erfahrung in der Analyse von grossen Datenbeständen unter Mithilfe von Elementen der künstlichen Intelligenz sowie der Entwicklung und Implementi
erung von Machine Learning-Modellen. Persönlichkeit: Du arbeitest mit Freude in verschiedenen Projekten mit thematisch unterschiedlichen Schwerpunkten
. Du erledigst deine Aufgaben verantwortungsbewusst und speditiv. Du bist initiativ und kontaktfreudig. Teamarbeit beflügelt dich. Ausbildung: Du verf
ügst über ein abgeschlossenes Studium mit quantitativem Schwerpunkt auf Masterstufe. Sprache: Du hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python, R und
 ähnlicher Software. KontaktKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Copyright CounselF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselCopyright Couns
elRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with healthcare on a global scale, diversity is a
n essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthcare needs. Together, we embrace individual
ity and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position  Copyright Counsel  202404-108136     The opport
unity     In Group Trade Marks we support a broad range of business partners in both Divisions Pharma and Diagnostics globally, with a focus on making
 a difference with the development of cutting-edge technologies, products and solutions. We are looking for a Copyright Counsel with a global attitude
 who wishes to learn and join our Trade Mark team being the copyright expert. Are you also curious, have an outstanding ability to build and maintain 
relationships, and are willing to co-create with other colleagues? Then you are the person we are looking for! As the Copyright Counsel based at the R
oche Headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, you will collaborate with cross-functional teams, including legal, marketing, content creation, and product d
evelopment, to ensure compliance with copyright laws throughout the organisation. You will develop and maintain a comprehensive copyright framework  f
or Roche, including governance, policies, guidelines and best practices. You will also broadly raise awareness for copyright topics.   You will be:   
… creating broad copyright awareness  across the Roche Group   … counselling stakeholders on copyright topics and assisting in obtaining proper permis
sions and licenses for the use of copyrighted materials   … conducting periodic reviews and audits to identify potential copyright infringements withi
n the company, and take appropriate action to address and resolve any infringements   … the Center of Excellence for Copyright: staying informed about
 changes in copyright laws and regulations, as well as industry standards   … creating and maintaining training materials, educating employees on copy
right laws, infringement risks, and best practices for using copyrighted materials   … coordinating responses to copyright infringement allegations or
 disputes, including drafting responses, conducting investigations, and participating in dispute resolution processes   ... handling copyright registr
ations, disputes and licenses   … maintaining a strong network of contacts within the copyright community, attending conferences and industry events t
o stay connected and up-to-date about copyright issues       Who you are     You are an experienced lawyer and copyright professional, with a qualifie
d legal education. You bring 5+ years of professional experience, with relevant exposure to copyright. Prior exposure to the Life Science industry or 
other highly regulated industries is considered a plus. In addition, you bring:   Experience as a strategic legal advisor and trusted partner to the b
usiness, proactively and independently identifying, prioritising and handling legal and copyright issues and risks. You come up with innovative and cr
eative solutions   Strong analytical and negotiating skills and assertiveness: you speak up and challenge the status quo   Ability to influence and re
solve challenges, clearly and concisely communicating with diverse global business partners   Excellent  knowledge of copyright laws; knowledge relate
d to new technologies, such as artificial intelligence   Proficiency in English; German language skills are a plus     Are you a results-oriented, ind
ependent and proactive self-starter with a high work ethic, enthusiasm and passion, always contributing to delivering the highest support while operat
ing with unwavering integrity? Then we look forward to your CV and your thoughts written down in a cover letter by 24th May 2024.     Who we are At Ro
che, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s lea
ding research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Basel is the headquarters of the Roche Group a
nd one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countries come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst 
site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we offer flexible working options,
 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benefit from multiple services on site such as c
hild-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in the power of diversity and inc
lusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Oppo
rtunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / Master Thesis : Digital Twin Security Framework for Smart citiesElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 April 2024Pensum:
100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneInternship / Master Thesis : Digital Twin Security Framework for Smart cities About ELCA We are ELCA, one
 of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius.
 Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants provide tailor-made and standardized solutions t
o support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland. Our activity spans across multiples fields 
of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSecurity.    his internship is part of the 4-ye
ar-long Blue City project from Innosuisse. The Blue City Project is a transdisciplinary consortium aiming to map a city’s multi-layered, interconnecte
d network of flows (traffic, waste, energy, …) and create a responsive Urban Digital Twin for the digitally transformed, post-pandemic world.  A Digit
al Twin (DT) is a digital representation of a real-world entity or system. It reflects a single physical object, process, organisation, person, or oth
er abstraction. DT enables true two-way communication between the physical and the digital world. Combined with Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learn
ing technology, a Digital twin platform will assist evidence-based, collective decisions to improve urban well-being, sustainability, resilience, and 
maximize ecological value. In the context of this internship, we aim at implementing a prototype of secure data sharing between digital twins. We will
 use real case data models from Blue City actors. It implies the following activities:  Take over the security framework from past internships  Analyz
e cross-organization use cases with our partner ecosystem Implement the prototype for selected use cases Extend and adapt the security framework based
 on learnings.       A dynamic work and collaborative environment with a highly motivated multi-cultural and multiples international sites team Person
al development through training and coaching A flat hierarchy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines The chance to make a difference in
 peoples’ life by building innovative solutions High innovation and research backed up by collaboration with universities like EPFL Various internal c
oding events (Hackathon, Brownbags), see our technical blog  Monthly After-Works organized per locations Good life balance (41 working hours per week 
and possibility to work 2 days per week from home.       Software development: Python Interest for semantic interoperability and data models Interest 
for security: Zero-Trust, service mesh security (istio, kuma, …) Interest for distributed systems, cloud (Azure, AWS) and devops technologies (Docker,
 Kubernetes, K3s) KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab sofortErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 Apr
il 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8005 Zurich(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab
 sofortThe world is changing more and faster than ever. Our global promise: "Building a better working world" guides our more than 300,000 employees a
round the world and provides the basis for the work we do every day. With our innovative services in auditing, tax consulting and transaction and mana
gement consulting, we lead our clients into the future.  Our advisory business offers a wide range of functional and cross-border services aimed at pr
oviding high quality and trusted advice to our clients. Our Financial Services Organization (FSO) is the only one of the Big 4 companies with a functi
onal and international specialization in the financial services sector. In this way, we provide seamless, consistent, and high-quality services to our
 clients around the world.      The Opportunity  Work on exciting technology risk projects with leadership roles at some of the largest Swiss banks, a
sset management and insurance companies.  Gain insight into state-of-the-art IT environments and our established practices based on global methodologi
es Learn frontline thought leadership in response to today's changing marketplace, ever-increasing regulatory requirements and new digital challenges 
Grow your expertise with each project alongside our partners and mentor less experienced consultants You will have the opportunity to work with people
 from all over Europe and the world     Your most important tasks   Your focus is on technology risk consulting, information security and IT risk mana
gement for banks, asset managers and insurance companies You will work on projects on current topics such as digital resilience, cloud risk management
, third party management, data management, transformation, and artificial intelligence In addition, you will take on tasks in the areas of technology 
risk assurance in terms of internal controls as well as risk and compliance management As a Senior Consultant, you contribute significantly to the suc
cessful planning, implementation and completion of complex projects with various internal and external stakeholders You further develop our consulting
 services and thereby contribute significantly to the strategic development of the team You actively work on go-to-market activities and support in th
e acquisition of consulting mandates as well as audit-related additional services for our financial services and insurance clients       Skills and qu
alities for success   What you bring with you:   Bachelor's or master’s degree in business administration or (business) information technology is a pr
erequisite, relevant certifications (e.g. CISA, CRISC, etc.) round off your profile First experience (min. 3 years for Senior Consultant) in the areas
 of Technology Risk such as IT Risk, Governance and Compliance, Digital and Cyber Resilience, Cloud Risk Management, Transformation Risk, Artificial I
ntelligence Risk or similar Basic knowledge of technology risk. Experience with relevant security standards and frameworks (e.g. ISO 27001, COBIT, ITI
L, NIST, etc.) are a plus A must: Passion for consulting and technology risk topics as well as entrepreneurial action Guarantees of success that will 
help you get ahead with us: The ability to work in a team, determination, commitment and a quick grasp of things  As an international company, we requ
ire German and English (fluent)     What we are looking for:  Are you as ambitious as we are? As a member of our high-performing teams, you'll develop
 the tech skills and mindset to become the leader you want to be - the leader the world needs. Use our reach, our technology, our teams and our cultur
e to fulfil your potential and change the world. Learn from the best, surround yourself with the brightest minds and ask better questions to get even 
better answers. The unique experiences you gain at EY will stay with you for life. It's in your hands - It's yours to build.       What we offer:   An
 international, multicultural team of highly motivated professionals Broad and established national and international client portfolio A culture that 
promotes diversity and continuous learning An innovative and dynamic environment that constantly opens new doors for you through the exchange of knowl
edge, flexibility and recognition An open and collaborative work culture based on honesty, integrity and mutual respect Numerous training opportunitie
s and online courses to improve your knowledge and skills in technical and non-technical areas During your employment with us, you will have the oppor
tunity to earn an accredited, proprietary and free MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School*    Are you interested? Do you think you 
meet the above criteria? Do you want to advance your career and experience a unique culture? Then apply to us now and take the next step! Apply online
 for your new challenge.  For more information, please contact our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 286 33 66).    The except
ional EY experience. It’s yours to build. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Student Job Position Software Engineer for Medical Technology 30-40%Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:30 – 40%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernStudent Job Position Software Engineer for Medical Technology 30-40%The Artificial Intelligence in Medical Imaging (AIMI
) lab at the University of Bern's ARTORGCenter for Biomedical Engineering Research invites software engineer student applicationswith a strong backgro
und in programming to work on innovative surgical technology.We seek enthusiastic candidates with excellent technical skills to join our research grou
p.The appointee will pursue the design, implementation, and maintenance of softwaresolutions for a novel interventional diagnostic technology. An impo
rtant part of the objectives will be to develop software solutions that provide real-time diagnostics to surgical and medical staff during cancer surg
ery. No previous experience in healthcare is necessary – only a desire to learn and innovate in the field.  Student Job Position Software Engineer for
 Medical Technology    Required experience and skills   Strong Python development skills. Familiarity with Git and GitHub. Good English language skill
s, both written and verbal.     Other desirable (but not required) skills   Familiarity with fundamental concepts of functional programming. Experienc
e with UI development, especially with the Qt/Qt Quick frameworks. Ability to understand code written with the NumPy and PyTorch libraries. Experience
 with systems development languages such as C++ or Rust. Possession of a GitHub account with demonstrable projects (personal or professional). The AIM
I lab offers a creative and international environment to conduct exciting andcompetitive research with an interdisciplinary team. Strongly linked to t
he Bern University Hospital (Inselspital) and part of the new Center for AI in Medicine, the AIMI lab strives to provide a coherent and holistic view 
of how AI in healthcare can benefit patients by designing and developing fundamental and translation research.   More about the positions The position
s are funded for 1 year at first, possibly extending thereafter. The start date is expected as soon as possible. The position is intended for a studen
t looking for a 30-40% capacity, with the possibility to increase worktime to 80-100% during the off-semester periods. Strong communication skills in 
English are required, as it is the working language of the ARTORG center. Free German courses are available for those wishing to learn. There are no a
ssociated teaching duties, but opportunities are possible for those interested.   About the University of Bern The University of Bern is in the heart 
of Switzerland. Internationally connected andregionally anchored, the University of Bern cultivates exchange with society andstrengthens partnerships 
between science, medicine, business, and politics. The University of Bern is committed to a deliberate and ethical responsibility towards people, anim
ate and inanimate nature. It strives as an important educator, promoting enterprise and industry in the region and beyond, and distinguishes itself th
rough problem-oriented research into questions of pressing social relevance. The University of Bern is an equal opportunity employer and strives to in
crease the number of women at all levels in its faculties.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab sofortErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 Apr
il 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8005 Zurich(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab
 sofort  Die Welt verändert sich stärker und schneller denn je. Unser globales Versprechen: „Building a better working world“ leitet dabei unsere mehr
 als 300‘000 Mitarbeiter und Mitarbeiterinnen rund um den Globus und stellt die Basis für die Arbeit die wir jeden Tag leisten. Mit unseren innovative
n Dienstleistungen in der Wirtschaftsprüfung, Steuerberatung sowie in der Transaktions- und Managementberatung führen wir unsere Mandanten in die Zuku
nft.     Unser Beratungsgeschäft bietet ein breites Spektrum an funktionalen und länderübergreifenden Dienstleistungen, die darauf abzielen, unseren K
unden eine hochwertige und vertrauenswürdige Beratung zu bieten. Unsere Finanzdienstleistungsorganisation (FSO) ist das Einzige der Big-4-Unternehmen 
mit einer funktionalen und internationalen Spezialisierung auf den Finanzdienstleistungssektor. Auf diese Weise bieten wir unseren Kunden auf der ganz
en Welt nahtlose, konsistente und hochwertige Dienstleistungen.        Die Chance   Arbeite mit an spannenden Technology Risk -Projekten mit Führungsa
ufgaben bei einigen der grössten Schweizer Banken, Vermögensverwaltungen und Versicherungsgesellschaften Gewinne Einblicke in hochmoderne IT-Umgebunge
n und unsere etablierte Vorgehensweisen auf Basis globaler Methoden Lerne an vorderster Front das "Thought Leadership" als Antwort auf den heutigen si
ch wandelnden Markt kennen, den stetig wachsenden regulatorischen Anforderungen und den neuen digitalen Herausforderungen Erweitere Dein Fachwissen mi
t jedem Projekt an der Seite unserer Partner und betreue weniger erfahrene Berater Du hast die Möglichkeit, mit Menschen aus ganz Europa und der ganze
n Welt zusammenzuarbeiten     Deine wichtigsten Aufgaben   Dein Schwerpunkt liegt in der Technology Risk-Beratung, Informationssicherheit und IT Risk 
Management bei Banken, Vermögensverwalter und Versicherungen Du arbeitest an Projekten zu aktuellen Themen wie Digitale Resilienz, Cloud Risk Manageme
nt, Third Party Management, Data Management, Transformation sowie Artificial Intelligence Darüber hinaus übernimmst Du Aufgaben in den Bereichen Techn
ology Risk Assurance im Sinne von internen Kontrollen sowie Risiko- und Compliance-Management Als Senior Consultant trägst du massgeblich zur erfolgre
ichen Planung, Durchführung und Abschluss von komplexen Projekten mit unterschiedlichen internen und externen Stakeholdern bei Du entwickelst unsere B
eratungsdienstleistungen weiter und trägst dadurch massgeblich zur strategischen Weiterentwicklung des Teams bei Du bearbeitest den Markt aktiv und un
terstützt in der Akquise von Beratungsmandate sowie revisionsnahe Zusatzdienstleistungen für unsere Finanzdienstleistungs- und Versicherungskunden   F
ertigkeiten und Eigenschaften für den Erfolg   Das bringst Du mit:   Bachelor- oder Masterabschluss in BWL oder (Wirtschafts-) Informatik setzen wir v
oraus, einschlägige Zertifizierungen (beispielsweise CISA, CRISC, etc.) runden Dein Profil ab Erste Erfahrungen (min. 3 Jahre für Senior Consultant) i
n den Bereichen von Technology Risk wie IT Risk, Governance und Compliance, Digitale und Cyber Resilienz, Cloud Risk Management, Transformation Risk, 
Artificial Intelligence Risk oder Ähnliche Grundlegende Kenntnisse im Bereich Technology Risk. Erfahrungen mit relevanten Sicherheitsstandards und Fra
meworks (z.B. ISO 27001, COBIT, ITIL, NIST, etc.) sind ein Plus Ein Muss: Leidenschaft für Beratungs- und Technology Risk -Themen sowie unternehmerisc
hes Handeln Erfolgsgaranten, die Dich bei uns weiterbringen: Teamfähigkeit, Zielstrebigkeit, Einsatzbereitschaft und eine schnelle Auffassungsgabe  Al
s internationales Unternehmen setzen wir Deutsch und Englisch (fliessend) voraus     Was wir suchen  Bist Du genau so ambitioniert wie wir? Als Mitgli
ed unserer high-performing Teams entwickelst Du die Tech-Skills und das richtige Mindset, um die Führungspersönlichkeit zu werden, die Du sein möchtes
t – die Führungspersönlichkeit, die die Welt braucht. Nutze unsere Reichweite, unsere Technik, unsere Teams und unsere Firmenkultur, um Dein Potenzial
 auszuschöpfen und die Welt zu verändern. Lerne von den Besten, umgib Dich mit den hellsten Köpfen und stelle bessere Fragen, um noch bessere Antworte
n zu erhalten. Die einzigartigen Erfahrungen, die Du bei EY sammelst, werden Dich Dein Leben lang begleiten. Es liegt in Deiner Hand - It’s yours to b
uild.     Das bieten wir:   Ein internationales, multikulturelles Team von hoch motivierten Fachleuten Breites und etabliertes Kundenportfolio nationa
l und international Eine Kultur, die Vielfalt und kontinuierliches Lernen fördert Ein innovatives und dynamisches Umfeld, dass Dir durch den Austausch
 von Wissen, Flexibilität und Anerkennung ständig neue Türen öffnet Eine offene und kooperative Arbeitskultur, die auf Ehrlichkeit, Integrität und geg
enseitigem Respekt beruht Zahlreiche Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten und Online-Kurse zur Verbesserung Deiner Kenntnisse und Fähigkeiten in technischen un
d nichttechnischen Bereichen Während Deinem Arbeitsverhältnis hast Du bei uns die Möglichkeit, kostenlos einen akkreditierten, firmeneigenen und koste
nlosen MBA (EY Tech MBA) der Hult International Business School zu erwerben*    Haben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Denkst Du, dass Du die oben genannte
n Kriterien erfüllst? Möchtest Du Deine Karriere vorantreiben und eine einzigartige Kultur kennenlernen? Dann bewerbe Dich jetzt bei uns und mache den
 nächsten Schritt! Bewerbe Dich online für Deine neue Herausforderung.Ref. Nr.: 4985. Für weitere Informationen kontaktiere bitte unser Recruitment Te
am (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com/ +41 58 286 33 66).    The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobsh
ttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


IT Project Manager (Conversational AI)SPitch AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Mai 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichIT Projec
t Manager (Conversational AI)IT Project Manager (Conversational AI)Qualifications Number of Years of Work Experience: 5+ Well-developed technical skil
ls with the ability to learn fast Responsibilities Leading customer implementation projects Orchestrating internal engineering and technical delivery 
resources Understand the correlations within product portfolio and staff skillsets Supporting customer on the technical level and engage their staff M
anaging customer expectations Defining and creating project plans and milestones Understanding end solutions and demonstrating them to customers Recog
nizing cross and upsell potential during the project phase Providing customers with training and workshops Providing feedback to the Product Managemen
t and R&D organizations on the technical requirements in the market Preferred experience A proven track record of relevant industry experience (Speech
 Technology, Call Centres, Customer Experience) Leading IT projects with several stakeholders internally as well as externally Knowledge in the area o
f PBX and Contact Center systems (Avaya, Genesys, Cisco, Teams and others) is of big advantage Familiarity with artificial intelligence, natural langu
age processing is a plus Technical management and customer-facing experience with a business-driven mindset Skills Ability to work on system integrati
on requirements Interest in Conversational AI applications Eager and able to work in a multicultural environment Very good communicator Fluent in Engl
ish and German (written and spoken) French language skills is a big plus A self-disciplined and self-motivated individual, able to work in a team with
 a minimum of direct supervision ApplyClose description KontaktSpitch AG(1)2 Jobshttps://spitch.aiBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation (SMI)ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festa
nstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation (SMI)PhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and 
Innovation (SMI) 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation at ETH Zurich's Department of Management, Technology, and E
conomics, under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Georg von Krogh, invites applications for a PhD position. This position offers a unique opportunity to eng
age in research aimed at addressing contemporary challenges in management and organizational theory. Job description Project and Supervision: The sele
cted PhD candidate will embark on a research project culminating in a dissertation of at least three high-quality papers intended for top-tier journal
s. Co-supervision will be provided by Prof. Georg von Krogh, Dr. Ann-Kristin Weiser, and a team of senior researchers at SMI. Expected starting time: 
Q4 2024. Your profile  A Master’s degree (MSc, MA, or MPhil) in Business Administration or a related field (e.g., Psychology, Sociology, Engineering).
 Note: MBAs are not eligible Demonstrated interest and capability to conduct qualitative research, evidenced by previous work, such as an outstanding 
Master's thesis Experience in field research and strong competencies in business-centric practices and stakeholder management Exceptional English comm
unication skills, both written and spoken A strong desire to contribute to the academic discourse and develop further one’s research skills, alongside
 curiosity, self-direction, and a propensity for teamwork  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Environment and Offerings: The Chair of Strategic Ma
nagement and Innovation provides an inspiring, team-based research environment to support your immersion into an ambitious research agenda. Our team c
onsists of a dynamic and international group of researchers who share a common vision to contribute to top-level academic research in the fields of st
rategic management and innovation. Our research interests include organization and management theory, strategic management, artificial intelligence / 
digitalization, collaborative innovation. The research team has an excellent track record of publishing in leading journals within the field, includin
g The Academy of Management Journal, Organization Science, Strategic Management Journal, and Harvard Business Review. We also have a strong internatio
nal network of collaborators. Compensation: We offer a competitive salary. For employment details at ETH Zurich, visit ETH Zurich Employment Informati
on. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Submit your application online by 31.05. 2024, including:  A motivation letter Curriculum Vitae Academic tr
anscripts and diplomas Master thesis and/or research papers At least one reference letter  Application Procedure: Only applications through our online
 portal can be considered. For assistance, contact E-Mail schreiben. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online 
application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Learn More: For additional details, visit our website. Potential
 inquiries regarding the position should be directed to Ms. Ingrid Lienhard via email E-Mail schreiben or phone +41 44 632 83 32. About ETH Zürich Cur
ious? So are we. Submit your application online by 31.05. 2024, including:  A motivation letter Curriculum Vitae Academic transcripts and diplomas Mas
ter thesis and/or research papers At least one reference letter  Application Procedure: Only applications through our online portal can be considered.
 For assistance, contact E-Mail schreiben. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applic
ations via email or postal services will not be considered. Learn More: For additional details, visit our website. Potential inquiries regarding the p
osition should be directed to Ms. Ingrid Lienhard via email E-Mail schreiben or phone +41 44 632 83 32.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züri
chCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, oth
er cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review y
our options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigatio
n, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's thesis Designing Large-Scale Satellite-Agnostic Geospatial 
Foundation Models In this project, you will develop and evaluate novel ways to build satellite-agnostic geospatial foundation models that are capable 
of processing multi-resolution data from diverse sensors during pretraining and finetuning in a computationally efficient way. The project is executed
 together with the Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing Group at ETH Zurich and requires an affiliation with ETH. The project provides access to IBM HPC 
infrastructure. Significant progress in the development of highly adaptable and reusable artificial intelligence (AI) models is expected to have a maj
or impact on earth science and remote sensing. Foundation models are pre-trained on large unlabeled datasets via self-supervision and subsequently fin
e-tuned with small, labeled datasets for various downstream tasks. The abundance of unlabeled data from multiple satellites makes remote sensing an id
eal domain for pre-training large-scale foundation models. However, recent foundation models for geospatial analysis and remote sensing applications e
xploit only a fraction of the available bands, typically from a single satellite or at constant resolutions. Consequently, the scientific community is
 increasingly interested in developing approaches to build interoperable (i.e., satellite-agnostic) models for Earth observation and remote sensing th
at efficiently exploit multi-sensor, multi-resolution data. Goal This project aims to explore transformer models to result in interoperable, multi-res
olution geospatial foundation models that encode information from various bands. This is an essential step in further enhancing AI models for remote s
ensing to unlock diverse environmental applications. Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, deep learning or a related technical field
, including equivalent practical experience Python, PyTorch, Linux, GitHub/Lab Problem-solving mindset: ability to explore technical literature, cross
-referencing relevant information, synthesis of novel ML architectures Ways to stand out: hands-on experience with HPC systems and job scheduling, pri
or encounters with large-scale transformer architectures, especially with positional encodings, etc.  Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the w
orkplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired b
alance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this exciting position, please submit yo
ur application through the link below.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:BernPhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Research Group for Data Science in Diabetes CareStart of employment: as soon as po
ssibleDuration: 3 years with the possibility to extend by 1 yearThe research group for Data Science in Diabetes Care (led by Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch) is o
ffering a PhD position in machine learning for medical wearable data analysis.Keywords: medical AI, wearable data, deep learning, foundation models, s
elf-supervised learning, cardiovascular risk  PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data    Tasks Wearable devices such as continuous glucose m
onitors and smartwatches hold high potential for patient care, in particular for diseases where patients need to make frequent decisions about their b
ehaviour, lifestyle or medication. In these situations, AI-based tools can interpret wearable signals and provide feedback, and recommendations. The g
oal of this project is to develop deep learning methods to analyse wearable signals. The project will focus on both method development and clinical ap
plication. In the methodological part, the candidate will develop ML techniques to learn from large-scale wearable datasets (continuous glucose monito
ring devices and smartwatches), with a specific focus on the development of foundation models and self-supervised pre-training. In the application par
t, the candidate will use the developed techniques to train specialised models for wearable-based cardiovascular risk factor prediction. In this task,
 the candidate will benefit from regular interaction with clinical experts from the Insel University Hospital Bern involved in the project.   Requirem
ents We are looking for an ambitious and highly motivated PhD candidate with a keen interest in doing machine learning research in the healthcare spac
e. You should hold a Masters degree in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, machine learning, statistics, biomedical or electrical engi
neering, or similar. You have solid knowledge of machine learning and strong programming skills in Python. Ideally, you already have some experience w
ith deep learning. Experience processing time-series or wearable data is a plus. Beyond technical skills, you communicate clearly in both verbal and w
ritten settings. You work well independently but act as a team player. You are self-driven, curious and excited to do good science.   About us We are 
a recently established research lab with a strong focus on AI for medicine. We are uniquely positioned at the intersection of the machine learning/eng
ineering and medical research communities in Bern. The candidate will be supervised by Prof. Lisa Koch and embedded in the research group for data sci
ence in diabetes care. The group is affiliated with the Medical Faculty of the University of Bern, in particular the University Department of Diabetes
, Endocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism (UDEM), and has close links to the Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM).   Appli
cation and contact Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch, E-Mail schreibenKontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Engineer and Technical Support (40-80%)Mindfire AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 80%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäff
ikon SZAI Engineer and Technical Support (40-80%)Location: Zurich/Davos, Switzerland, hybrid Lab42 is a Switzerland based Artificial Intelligence Lab 
operated by Mindfire. We're committed to creating a vibrant AI research community that pushes the boundaries of AI research and technology. We have a 
job opening for a skilled, passionate, and ambitious AI Engineer and Technical Support to join our dynamic team. Key Responsibilities:  Provide techni
cal support to our AI research team, ensuring a smooth operation of our research and development processes. Set up and monitor AI challenges, ensuring
 their successful execution while providing necessary technical solutions. Assist in building and maintaining the programming architecture integral to
 our research and AI development. Collaborate closely with the Research Director in managing administrative tasks within the research community. Proac
tively identify and resolve technical and conceptual problems on the scientific roadmap, contributing to the continuous advancement of our research. C
ontribute to the development and implementation of new systems and platforms that improve efficiency and effectiveness.  What it takes:  Proven experi
ence in programming and software development; proficiency in Python is a must. Familiarity with more performance-oriented languages such as C++ is a p
lus. The ability to quickly learn and adapt to new programming languages and technologies is highly vaued. Hands-on experience with machine-learning f
rameworks, as well as the ability to evaluate and tune algorithms to create solutions for real-world problems. Basic knowledge on DevOps processes, vi
rtualization, containerization, and infrastructure-as-a-service technology is a plus. Demonstrable interest in and enthusiasm for AI technology and it
s potential for positive global impact. Ability to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues efficiently and effectively. Strong problem-solving skill
s, with an ability to address conceptual and scientific challenges. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Experience in a research or AI d
evelopment environment is a plus. Fluency in English in both writing and speaking.  Dont's: Please do not apply as we will not consider your applicati
on if:  You do not have a work permission to work in Switzerland. You are not willing to work physically in Zurich or Davos, Switzerland. You have nev
er worked in a startup environment.  What we are offering We offer more than just a job: after an initiation period, you are eligible for the company’
s shares program and become part of the Mindfire family. Furthermore, you will …  Engage in a dynamic, innovative company that values and fosters out-
of-the-box thinking. Thrive in a professional, goal-oriented culture where: Managers exemplify leadership. Fairness and respect are paramount. Autonom
y is encouraged, accepting mistakes as learning opportunities. Conflicts are addressed openly and promptly. Take on a high level of personal responsib
ility. Participate in an exciting mission within a creative and forward-thinking environment. Collaborate with some of the brightest and most innovati
ve minds in AI. Gain insights into AI and cutting-edge, self-learning technologies. Embrace the opportunity to make a large-scale impact and drive glo
bal change.  Join us as we strive to create the world's largest AI research community, collectively pioneering AI technology in Switzerland. If you ar
e technically skilled, enthusiastic about AI, and eager to contribute to a pioneering project with a global impact, we'd love to hear from you. Please
 apply with a cover letter or video and CV by clicking the button below. Let's shape the future of AI together! Contact: Dr. Daniela SuterBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Test Automation EngineerCoca-Cola HBC Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SwitzerlandT
est Automation Engineer    Department:  Group Digital PMO    Location:  Location free within Coca-Cola Hellenic countries    ABOUT YOUR NEW JOB:      
You will be part of our Digital & Technology Platforms  Central Function, meeting point where technology, platforms and processes are blended to creat
e competitive advantage for our company – C oca- C ola  HBC. At Digital & Technology Platforms we are an international team of IT, Digital & Technolog
y professionals, having 21 nationalities. We strive to be a strategic business partner, accelerating value creation and cost optimization, and sustain
ing Coca-Cola HBC as a supplier of choice through the fast delivery of simple, innovative and cost-effective solutions and services. As Test Automatio
n Engineer you will plan and drive testing activities across all stages and iterations of product, systems and service development. You will have an o
pportunity to adopt and adapt appropriate testing methods, automated tools and technique to solve problems in tools and testing on a Group level.     
 YOUR NEW KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:     Developing scalable and reliable automated tests and frameworks Closely collaborating with Senior Devs, Product ma
nagers, SCRUM      Masters and Architects to determine the appropriate test automation level      and quality required Planning, designing, managing, 
executing and reporting of tests Creates test data, writing and executing of automated test      cases/scripts. Contribute to product/project review m
eetings. Support Quality      Assurance Management in determining status. Design and develop Integration tests and contribute to the creation      of 
E2E test suites automated, assembling functional automation tests built      by teammates. Integrating Automated Tests in CI/CD Toolchains (e.g. Jenki
ns,      Bamboo, Azure Pipelines) Build and execute negative testing/chaos testing to ensure that      systems meet requirements for fault tolerance. 
Managing risks associated with testing and taking preventative      action when needed: Assess risk / problem areas, suggesting and reviewing      cor
rective actions, directing/planning necessary extra work, and rework      and re-plan activities. Adopting and adapting testing methods using predicti
ve (plan-driven)      approaches or adaptive (iterative/agile) approaches for testing Engineering, using and maintaining test automation tools to meas
ure      and improve the quality of the software being tested Improving productivity through automation, tools and best practices Create Standards, Pr
ocedures, Processes, and Best practices as      related to Test Automation, Testing & Quality Assurance     ARE THESE YOUR SECRET INGREDIENTS?   Bache
lor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and      at least 5 years of development experience Proven experience with Automation Framew
ork tools like Playwright,      Selenium, Appium and\or Automation Tool as UFT1, Tosca Tricentis Proven experience with Performance testing tools like
 JMeter and\or      Azure Test Load and others is a Plus Demonstrated successfully planned, design + accomplished tests in a      multi-vendor and int
ernational environment leveraging different test      automation platforms Experience with eCommerce Platforms such as SAP Hybris/SAP Commerce      Cl
oud, Salesforce Commerce Cloud, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Magento, and      others will be considered as strong advantage DevOps and CI/CD toolset, proc
esses a must Experience with Agile work management tools such as Azure DevOps,      Jira, Confluence, and others is a Plus Experience working in an Ag
ile Software Development Life Cycle      (SDCL) environment a plus Experience with artificial intelligence (AI) for enhancing      automation, includi
ng AI-driven test script generation, NLP techniques,      intelligent test case selection, and advanced test result analysis, as      well as knowledg
e of Microsoft AI products for extended automation      capabilities, will be considered as strong advantage.       ABOUT YOUR NEW TEAM:  We are a fam
ily of 33 thousand engaged people. Each and every one of us is the secret ingredient of Coca-Cola HBC – one of the world’s largest bottlers and partne
r of The Coca-Cola Company. Our every day mission is to delight over 715 million consumers by offering a choice of over 100 iconic global and favorite
 local brands in the moments that matter, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We are a truly empowered and talented team that drives superior results by wi
nning and learning every day in 29 countries, across 3 continents. Our success comes from us working together as one to make a positive difference for
 the local communities we serve.    AT COCA-COLA HBC, DIVERSITY HELPS US THRIVE  Including and celebrating different people and opinions is embedded i
n our growth story. We are committed to fostering diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve, and to creating an inclusive environment where 
everyone’s unique perspectives are valued and heard. By constantly building a diverse and inclusive workplace, we enrich our decision-making and provi
de ever more innovative solutions and shared value. KontaktCoca-Cola HBC Schweiz AG(15)53 Jobshttps://ch.coca-colahellenic.com/deBewerbenJob merkenDie
sen Job melden


Talent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyWüest Partner AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:ZürichTalent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyTalent Community - Data, Analytics & Technology  Full-time  Company Description Wüest Partner 
is an innovative and independent service provider in the real estate industry. Since 1985, we have been creating a sound basis for decision-making by 
combining expertise, data and digital solutions. We lead the industry with comprehensive services in the areas of consulting, valuation, data, product
s, publications and education to help our clients gain new perspectives and create sustainable value. Wüest Partner as a group employs 500 people at 1
5 locations in Europe, with headquarters in Switzerland. The subsidiaries Durable, Datahouse, QualiCasa and Signa-Terre belong to the group. Job Descr
iption Become part of our Data, Analytics & Technology Talent Community! We are always looking for university graduates who share our enthusiasm for d
ata, analytics and technology. You haven't found the right job with us yet, but would still like to become part of our talent community? Maybe you wer
e at an event and got to know us directly and would now like to stay in touch with us? Then we look forward to receiving your CV! (Please be aware, th
at the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Your Challenge Our proprietary digital products and sol
utions provide direct access to our real estate market data assets. With our knowledge, our digital competence and our culture of innovation, we devel
op products that open up new dimensions for our clients. Whether it's the further development of our SaaS solution Wüest Dimensions or forecasting mod
els and modelling, we want your ideas on board! Qualifications Your Profile  University degree (Bachelor, Master, PhD) in an analytical or statistical
 background / in Natural Sciences or Engineering Interest in real estate-related topics and data analytics, technologies such as machine learning, art
ificial intelligence and big data Digital affinity, strong communication skills (fluent in English and German)  Additional Information Our Benefits  A
ttractive employment conditions with variable remuneration component Flexible Work Smart concept with home office flexibility up to 50% Professional a
nd collegial corporate culture with great events (company celebrations, croissant breaks, etc.) High team spirit, flat hierarchies and varied tasks Mo
dern offices in the centres of Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva Generous training budget including time for this as well as other attractive fringe bene
fits  The Recruitment Process As soon as you join our community, you will receive regular updates on open positions, programmes and recruiting events 
at Wüest Partner. There is also the possibility that we may contact you directly with a potential position that we are currently recruiting for. (Plea
se be aware, that the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Work Location We are open to various loc
ations in Switzerland, for example in Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva. Contact If you have any questions, please contact our Talent Acquisition Team at
 E-Mail schreiben. We look forward to hearing from you! LI-DNIKontaktWüest Partner AG(4)12 Jobshttps://www.wuestpartner.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Product and Application Presales Engineer (Customer Service Experience)SPitch AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Oktober 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichProduct and Application Presales Engineer (Customer Service Experience)Product and Application Presales Engineer (Customer
 Service Experience)Qualifications Number of Years of Work Experience: 5+ Well-developed technical skills with the ability to learn fast Responsibilit
ies Working with clients and partners as contact reference for Spitch products and solutions for user experience, applications, and use cases Elaborat
ing technical and feature requirements of the target use-case with customers/partners for speech-enabled business applications Working with Sales Mana
gers and the Professional Services team to develop work estimates and a high-level solution description for tailored speech applications and technolog
y integration based on preliminary requirements Eroduct demo support and presentation to customers / partners Providing technical and user support loc
ally Assisting with Request for Proposal (RFP), Request for Quote, tender responses Presentation assistance - research customers, track down and docum
ent existing systems, organizing information, etc. Providing customers and partners with technical training and workshops Providing feedback to the Pr
oduct Management and R&D organizations on technical as well as business requirements in the market and application ideas Preferred experience Knowledg
e in the area of PBX and Contact Center systems (Avaya, Genesys, Cisco, Teams and others) is of big advantage Familiarity with artificial intelligence
, natural language processing is a plus Technical management & customer facing experience with a business driven mindset Skills A proven track record 
of relevant industry experience (Speech Technology, Call Centres, Customer Experience) Ability to work on system integration requirements Interest in 
Conversational AI applications Eager and able to work in a multicultural environment Very good communicator Fluent in English and German (written and 
spoken) French language skills are desired A self-disciplined and self-motivated individual, able to work in a team with a minimum of direct supervisi
on ApplyClose description KontaktSpitch AG(1)2 Jobshttps://spitch.aiBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Managing ConsultantTrestle AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 September 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Managin
g ConsultantTo support Trestle growing our business, mainly in the broader Zurich area but also internationally, we are looking for a Senior Managing 
Consultant, equally agile in both Delivery and in Sales.You have 10+ years’ experience in “hard-core” consultancy with a relevant and established netw
ork of senior influencers and decision-makers, esp. in Financial Services. You have very strong hands-on delivery skills and are equally at ease in ac
quiring new business. Besides being very fluent in (Swiss) German and English, you speak the language of change and transformation, i.e. you deliver c
omplex projects, turnaround businesses, design innovative solutions, etc. You are experienced in personally generating leads and concluding sales.You 
are very knowledgeable in at least one of our three practices: i) Operational Excellence & Sourcing, ii) Risk, Regulatory & Compliance, iii) Digital T
ransformation. The latter is leveraging our company dedicated to Artificial Intelligence: http://4th-ir.com. You like the challenge and to compete. We
 will work closely together towards reaching and exceeding set targets in terms of motivating our people, delighting our clients, improving profitabil
ity and boosting revenues.You have an impeccable reputation and highest ethical standards. Your references speak highly of you. A genuine team player 
you also manage on your own. Trestle in turn offers you a vast playfield to develop business in a truly entrepreneurial fashion without lengthy intern
al administration, within a well-defined frame – and a respected brand. We operate like a family business, helping each other out, valuing each team m
ember ... and making sure to have quite some fun too.You bring along a risk propensity which we will reward so that you can strive and earn the fruit 
of your efforts. You are energetic and flexible to go after and materialize new opportunities, such as to contribute to making Trestle successful. Bew
erbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Software Engineer - Machine Learning (EP-SFT-2024-41-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 
2024Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfLead Software Engineer - Machine Learning (EP-SFT-2024-41-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the European 
Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most 
complex scientific instruments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the 
speed of light. The process gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out m
ore on http://home.cern.     Job Description    Introduction  You will join the software development for experiments (SFT) group (http://ep-dep-sft.we
b.cern.ch) which develops and provides support for scientific software for the High Energy Physics experimental collaborations at CERN and worldwide. 
Your work will be part of the context of the Next Generation Trigger project, a five-year initiative to develop novel solutions for real-time event pr
ocessing at the LHC experiments, leveraging new technologies such as artificial intelligence and heterogeneous computing. In the context of this proje
ct, you will be in charge of two of the common tasks of the project.  Leading the development and managing the maintenance of hls4ml (https://fastmach
inelearning.org/hls4ml/) and Conifer (https://github.com/thesps/conifer), two software libraries developed by CERN and its partners to deploy machine 
learning algorithms on FPGAs.  Leading the development of a library for hardware-aware end-to-end training and optimization of neural networks, suppor
ting compression techniques such as pruning and quantization and interfaced to hls4ml.   Functions  As the coordinator of these two activities, you wi
ll:  Supervise and recruit a team of computer scientists to work on software development and contribute directly to the design and implementation of t
he required ML libraries.  Ensure the timely achievement of the NGT milestones related to both tasks (e.g., software release, documentation, presentat
ions at conferences). Work in close contact with experts from the LHC experiments and external partners within the FastML ( https://fastmachinelearnin
g.org) community. This partnership aims to identify user requirements and strategize their implementations. Organize periodic user-community workshops
 to communicate on the status of the tasks and gather information on additional requirements and functionalities. Participate in managing common activ
ities of the NGT project alongside other task leaders.      Qualifications   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relevant experience in the field of 
Experimental Particle Physics or Computing Science or a related field.  Experience:  You have:  Demonstrated experience in high-performance software d
evelopment including task prioritization, and customer interaction; Demonstrated experience with FPGA programming with knowledge of High Level Synthes
is libraries (Vivado, Quartus, etc..); Proven mastering of performance and memory profiling technologies and debugging techniques for both CPU and GPU
 programming; Knowledge of distributed training techniques for machine learning algorithms; Expertise in neural network compression techniques such as
 pruning, quantization, etc; Proven track record of scientific publications; Experience in managing software development projects in scientific enviro
nments will be considered as a valuable experience; Understanding of machine learning applications for High Energy Physics will be considered an advan
tage.   Technical competencies:   Knowledge of programming techniques and languages Development of application software Knowledge and application of s
oftware life-cycle tools and procedures: machine learning training software (PyTorch, Tensorflow, Horovod). Testing, diagnosing and optimization of so
ftware Conceptualising, designing and developing user experiences and interfaces   Behavioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured 
and organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with results in mind. Delivering prompt and efficient service taking 
into account customer needs. Solving Problems: recognizing what is essential; discriminating between important and peripheral information and being ab
le to see the whole picture. Being open to original ideas and creative options by which to address issues; continually driving change by seeking new w
ays to improve outcomes. Learning and Sharing Knowledge: sharing knowledge and expertise freely and willingly with others; coaching others to ensure k
nowledge transfer. Demonstrating Flexibility: adapting quickly and resourcefully to shifting priorities and requirements. Communicating Effectively: d
elivering presentations in a structured and clear way; adjusting style and content to the audience; responding calmly and confidently to questions.   
Language skills:  Spoken and written English: ability to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical spec
ifications and/or scientific reports and to make oral presentations. The willingness to learn French language would be an asset.      Additional Infor
mation    Eligibility and closing date:   Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of th
e Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. T
his vacancy will be filled as soon as possible, and applications should normally reach us no later than 15.05.2024.   Employment Conditions  Contract 
type: Limited duration contract (5 years). Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. 
These functions require:  Work during nights, Sundays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job refer
ence: EP-SFT-2024-41-LD Benchmark Job Title: Applied Physicist BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Post-Doc Gebiet Leadership & Organizational Behavior (m/w/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenPost-Doc Gebiet Leadership & Organizational Behavior (m/w/d)Für unser Team am Institut für Führung und Personalmanageme
nt der Universität St.Gallen (I.FPM) suchen wir für eine mehrjährige Post-Doc-Stelle eine/n Kollegin/Kollegen für Forschung und praktische Arbeit zu d
en Themen Leadership, Engagement und New Work oder künstliche Intelligenz in innovativen Arbeitskontexten. Diese Themen werden am Institut mit dem Kon
strukt Führung verbunden, das sich im Zeitalter des digitalen Wandels und neuer Arbeits- und Unternehmensformen stark verändert.  Post-Doc Gebiet Lead
ership & Organizational Behavior (m/w/d)    Ihre Aufgaben   anspruchsvolle wissenschaftliche Arbeit im interdisziplinären Team Präsentation der Forsch
ung auf internationalen Konferenzen Arbeit mit Unternehmen zu Trendthemen im Bereich Leadership & New Work Möglichkeiten in universitären und praxisbe
zogenen Programmen zu unterrichten (Bachelor-, Master- oder Führungskräfte-Programme)     Ihr Profil   (Baldige) Promotion im Bereich Leadership, Orga
nizational Behavior oder Arbeits- und Organisationspsychologie Exzellenz in quantitativen Forschungsmethoden Potenzial, in internationalen Journals zu
 veröffentlichen Freude an Forschung und Lehre in einem interdisziplinären Team   "Ein Ort, der Wissen schafft" - Als eine der führenden Wirtschaftsun
iversitäten Europas engagiert sich die Universität St.Gallen (HSG) in der Ausbildung von über 9800 Studierenden und bietet als eine der grössten Arbei
tgeberinnen der Region rund 3330 Mitarbeitenden ein attraktives und innovatives Umfeld in Forschung, Lehre, Weiterbildung und Verwaltung." KontaktUniv
ersität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Saviynt Technical ExpertTalan SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfSaviynt Technical Expert
Saviynt Technical Expert  Full-time Contract Type: Fixed term  Company Description For 20 years, Talan has advised major companies and administrations
, supported them, and implemented their transformation and innovation projects. The Group places innovation at the heart of its development and operat
es in areas related to technological changes, such as Big Data, IoT, Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence. Present on 21 countries Talan has been op
erating for 20 years, advising major companies in Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public Sector. Our consultants are a
gile and pragmatic. We combine together consulting services, technological expertise and a capacity to deliver and deploy projects. We do everything p
ossible to ensure that our employees can thrive and grow at Talan. As a result, we have received the "Great Place to Work" certification, which recogn
izes compagnies where it feels good to work. Present in Geneva and Lausanne, Talan Switzerland now has nearly 150 employees. Initially focuse in the f
inancial sector, Talan has developed in recent years in the watchmaking, insurance, media and services sectors. Job Description As the primary technic
al expert of the Saviynt EIC system, you'll advise stakeholders in identity and access management to translate identity and access management needs an
d provisioning into Saviynt configurations and integrations. You'll facilitate workshops, document requirements and solution design, and conduct techn
ical implementation activities. Providing technical solutions or options with recommendations based on pros and cons will enable the technology team t
o make decisions. Main responsibilities:  Drive Saviynt configuration, testing, training, and documentation of the delivered solution with our IGA Tec
hnology Manager. Advise on technical options to integrate EIC with the complex technical landscape. Design a sustainable corporate solution based on S
aviynt EIC from concept to launch. Participate in the Handover to Operations (HOTO) process by creating relevant documentation and knowledge transfer 
sessions with Operations.  User research and understanding:  Collaborate with teams to identify the best end-user experience while mitigating risks. W
ork with Information Security, IT, and Operations teams to identify and refine IGA requirements. Participate in workshops and tests with stakeholders 
to understand, validate, or adjust Saviynt design.  Technology design and project execution:  Assess existing setup and propose improvements. Provide 
detailed solution specifications aligned with solution objectives. Perform technical configuration or collaborate with other solution engineers to imp
lement and integrate Saviynt EIC. Support Technology teams during solution development. Contribute to the quality of delivered solutions through test 
preparation and testing. Ensure overall consistency of the IGA implementation and align with security policies and end-user requirements.  Technology 
specification and documentation:  Create, update, and maintain Saviynt technical documentation. Assess current IGA solution and propose improvements b
ased on Saviynt.  Qualifications Academic Background:  Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering. Saviynt L200 certification. ITIL Certification is a 
plus.  Professional experience:  5+ years in Identity governance & Administration (IGA) in international organizations. At least one successful Saviyn
t EIC implementation performed in an organization with at least 10,000 identities. Strong experience in Saviynt EIC, especially focusing on workflows 
and connectors. Experience in SoD management with Saviynt & SAP GRC/AC is a plus. Experience in RBAC through Saviynt is a plus. Experience in facilita
tion, interviews, workshops animation, prototyping, and test organization. Knowledge and experience in Agile methodologies.  Skills:  Hands-on Saviynt
 EIC expertise. Good knowledge & awareness in Cybersecurity. Extensive knowledge in Identity & Access Management (IAM) and Identity Governance and Adm
inistration (IGA). Strong conceptual working ability. Communication skills, both written and oral. Fluent in English. Additional language is a plus. F
acilitation, change management Skills is a plus. Skills in JSON, PowerShell, other scripting or programming languages are a plus. BewerbenJob merkenDi
esen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of interpretable deep learning for multi-omics data multi-scale model
s of the immune system with a focus on investigating cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated and ambitious PhD candidate for 
a project focused on developing interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of single-cell and spatially resolved multi-omics data associated 
with CMD. The PhD candidate will develop models that can automatically identify key molecular and morphological structures, such as clusters of cells,
 that are essential for making informed predictions. This project aims to enhance the use of multi-omics and spatially resolved data in clinical decis
ion-making, hence, improving treatment guidance and prognosis.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop deep learning
 models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in CMD diseases, as well as spati
ally resolved molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners. Focus on model interpretability to identify significant spatial regions and immune profile
s. Investigate and address uncertainties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Contribute to
 scientific recommendations on AI model robustness.  Expected Outcomes: Novel interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolve
d data. A novel AI-based classifier of immune profiles.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biolog
y, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a good understanding o
f Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry, will be considered
 an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able to perform team-or
iented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Esse
ntial skills: Able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, prefera
bly in Python. Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. G
ood communication skills in English (both written and spoken)  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data an
alysis. Knowledge of interpretable deep learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine a
t the University of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculu
m, the faculty emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading globa
l cause of death. Through collaborative research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardio
vascular physiology and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdiscipli
nary approach positions the faculty as a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  
https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html  https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (pl
us family allowance if applicable, family status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax 
and employee's National insurance deductions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up 
to train a new generation of researchers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macro
phage biology in the context of cardiometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations i
n tissues that are associated with disease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our v
iew of chronic inflammatory diseases and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, 
twelve doctoral candidates will receive tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflam
mation as well as develop strategies to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease 
modelling approaches. Moreover, they will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts an
d clinicians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-acade
mic institutions in the MIRACLE network that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infras
tructures, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and fost
er the scientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Cent
er (coordinator) Maastricht University, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Le
uven University of Bern AstraZeneca University of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European 
Atherosclerosis Society  KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
BaselData Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with he
althcare on a global scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthc
are needs. Together, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position In Roc
he’s  Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organisation (pRED) , we make transformative medicines for patients in order to tackle some of the
 world’s toughest unmet healthcare needs. At pRED, we are united by our mission to transform science into medicines. Together, we create a culture def
ined by curiosity, responsibility and humility, where our talented people are empowered and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing inno
vation at speed.    The Opportunity  The pRED Data & Analytics team at Roche is the bridge between digital technology and science. We help drive medic
al innovation and are integral to the realisation of truly Personalised Healthcare and the development of innovative treatments for our patients.  We 
are shaping the digitalisation of Pharma R&D at Roche, and we are growing. To realize our vision, we need innovative, dedicated people from a wide var
iety of backgrounds.  These responsibilities capture a portion of what your work will look like:   Co-create the sensor-based data collection, analysi
s and digital endpoint development strategies for clinical drug development programs and therapy areas, and drive the implementation from a sensor dat
a analytics perspective; this may include leading small analysis project delivery teams   Devise and implement science and methodology development str
ategies using established and novel sensor data processing and statistical methodologies accompanied by innovative machine learning and artificial int
elligence approaches   Collaborate with partners in clinical drug programs, with Roche-internal functions and external partners, and with a wide range
 of data scientists, researchers, clinicians and internal IT specialists   Provide guidance for others within your domain of expertise, explore novel 
data sets, and proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools      Who you are  You’re someone who wants to influence your 
own development. You are looking for a company where you receive the opportunity to pursue your interests across functions and geographies. Working in
 a multicultural environment motivates you. As a fast learner, you actively drive the quality of the requirements.   You hold a Ph.D. or equivalent de
gree in Life Sciences, Computer Science, Informatics, Statistics, or a related field, coupled with substantial experience in the pharmaceutical and di
gital health sectors.   With a wealth of professional experience, you're adept at delving into sensor data across diverse domains, like biomechanics, 
vital signs, audio and cognitive tests. Your proficiency in feature engineering, algorithm development, and statistical analysis ensures meticulous me
asurement validation and insightful longitudinal modeling.   Your expertise extends seamlessly into the application of these measures in drug developm
ent programs, where you navigate PhI-IV trials and various endpoint types, all while wielding a deep understanding of relevant disease areas e.g. neur
o-immunology, movement disorders, etc.   You have proven leadership and collaboration experience, complimented by your project management skills and r
esilience. Your ability to foster lasting partnerships with collaborators drives innovation in drug development.   You are curious and comfortable in 
a dynamic environment and embrace challenges to expand your expertise. Your proactive and creative approach enables you to drive initiatives and thoug
htfully navigate sophisticated issues, always keeping the needs of customers at the forefront.   Your outstanding presentation and communication skill
s in English are central and smoothly foster collaboration and unity across diverse teams.     If you enjoy working in cross-functional teams, applyin
g data analysis skills to develop creative solutions, and driving deliverables for clinical drug development, apply now!    Our commitment  Roche comm
its to recognising talent and aptitude. We prioritize encouraging and supporting our employees in their personal journeys by providing a safe, creativ
e space to help them reflect, make decisions and grow in their career. We are confident that we find the most innovative solutions by gaining differen
t perspectives, asking and answering hard questions, and challenging the status quo. Roche embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious yet e
nthusiastic way; we are devoted to building a team that represents a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the be
tter our work will be.     Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working to
gether, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Bas
el is the headquarters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countr
ies come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opport
unities, we offer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benef
it from multiple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   W
e believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves
 to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen J
ob melden


2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:Bern2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Institution: NCCR PlanetS and Center for Space and Habitability (C
SH), BernStart: Summer / Autumn 2024, negotiable, 4 years NCCR PlanetS and CSH We seek qualified candidates for two 4-year PhD positions in exoplanet 
science in the research group of Prof. Yann Alibert (University of Bern), focusing on the formation, composition and architecture of planetary systems
, in particular with the help of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI). The PhD positions are part of the National Centre of Competen
ce in Research (NCCR) PlanetS and the Centre for Space and Habitability (University of Bern). There will be frequent interaction with the TAPS group (
Theoretical Astrophysics and Planetary Science) at the University of Bern (Prof. Yann Alibert and Prof. Chistoph Mordasini). PlanetS is a large nation
al framework in Switzerland that brings together Swiss efforts in planetary and exoplanetary science in Bern, Geneva and Zurich. More information abou
t our research group, the CSH and the NCCR can be found using the links above.  2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning    Tasks The
 scientific objectives of the two PhD projects are to study the emergence of planetary system architecture and the uniqueness of the architecture of t
he Solar System. The work will be based on population synthesis models of planetary system formation developed in our group over the last two decades 
and their analysis using ML and AI. Beyond solar system formation, a major goal of the two PhDs is linked to current and future observational projects
 (e.g. CHEOPS, PLATO, LIFE, ground-based survey with e.g. ESPRESSO) aiming at the discovery and characterisation of exo-Earths. Frequent interactions 
with members of the above-mentioned observational projects in PlanetS are foreseen.   Requirements The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's or maste
r's degree in physics, astrophysics, planetary science or equivalent. Experience with data analysis, ML and AI methods is an advantage. Candidates sho
uld be enthusiastic, persistent, communicative and willing to integrate into the teams in Bern and the Swiss landscape (PlanetS, CSH and TAPS). The re
search will consist of a combination of numerical modelling of the physics of planetary system formation and analysis of the results using ML and AI m
ethods.   We offer The formal appointment will be for 4 years at the University of Bern. There will be a standard first year of probation. The annual 
salary is determined by a matrix provided by the Swiss National Fund. Child allowance and maternity/paternity leave are offered. Sufficient funds are 
available for travel, publications and computers. The successful candidate will participate in group meetings, journal clubs, research discussions, at
tend seminars and colloquia, interact with research visitors, travel to conferences, etc., both in Bern and in the NCCR PlanetS. The starting date is 
expected to be summer/autumn 2024 and is negotiable.   Application To apply, please send a letter of motivation including a personal statement (max. 1
 page), a curriculum vitae (max. 2 pages), a list of publications (if applicable), undergraduate and graduate transcripts and a covering letter (1 pag
e). The complete application should be sent  as a single pdf file to Yann Alibert (E-Mail schreiben). It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure t
hat 2-3 letters of recommendation are also sent directly to Yann Alibert by the deadline of 15 June 2024. The University of Bern is an equal opportuni
ty employer and we particularly encourage applications from female researchers.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Global Consumer Care ManagerJT International AG DagmersellenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:GeneveGlobal Consumer Care ManagerTitle: Global Consumer Care Manager Geneve, GE, CH, 1202 We are JTI, Japan Tobacco International, and we are prese
nt in 130 countries. We have spent years innovating, creating new and better products for the consumers to choose from. This is our business. But not 
only. Our business is our people. Their talent. Their potential. We believe that when they are free to be themselves, and they are given the opportuni
ty to grow, travel and develop, amazing things can happen. That’s why our employees, from around the world, choose to be a part of JTI. It is why 83% 
of employees feel happy working at JTI. And why we’ve been awarded Global Top Employer status, nine years running. So when you’re ready to choose a ca
reer you’ll love, in a company you’ll love, feel free to #JoinTheIdea. Learn more: jti.com Global Consumer Care Manager Strategy Global Consumer Care 
is driving the delivery of best-in-class consumer care across JTI. We are obsessed with our consumers and devoted to enhancing the experience at every
 step of their journey, from first contact through to loyal user and product ambassador. We are firmly committed to becoming #1 in delivering a superi
or consumer experience globally. To support our ambition, we are looking for experienced and highly motivated consumer-centric individuals to join our
 thriving Global Consumer Care team in HQ Geneva. Position purpose: In this global role, you will work closely with JTI markets, Ploom Brand Group, an
d global functions to develop and deploy a best-in-class consumer care experience to enable us to deliver a superior, consistent and seamless experien
ce to our consumers globally, across all channels, to drive retention and loyalty to our brands. You will be responsible for the development of our mu
lti-channel consumer care experience by identifying key moments to interact with consumers, defining contacting approaches, and enabling teams through
 state-of-the-art technology (e.g., Generative Artificial Intelligence). You will become a vital part of the Global Consumer Care team elevating and s
haping the future of Consumer Care by enabling our teams to deliver a personalized consumer care experience that will ultimately exceed their expectat
ions. What will you do – responsibilities:  Be consumer-centric, in everything you do Develop best-in-class consumer care experience Define and benchm
ark Consumer needs & expectations Develop an overarching multi-channel consumer care strategy in accordance and alignment with relevant stakeholders P
ersonalize care experience across care channels Develop and enhance care aspects of the Adoption program Develop a strategy towards technology-enabled
 automated care experience Design state-of-the-art consumer care journeys that allow to implement a personalized consumer care strategy across care ch
annels Identify opportunities for highly personalized experiences throughout the consumer care journey, creating memorable interactions and increasing
 overall consumer satisfaction and loyalty Support HQ and markets in adopting the developed consumer care experience strategy and developed consumer c
are journeys by translating them into tangible initiatives Convert identified initiatives into strategy implementation roadmaps and oversee the execut
ion jointly with responsible stakeholders Consult with global and local market teams to understand and track the progress of consumer care experience 
strategy implementation Develop key performance indicators to track the progress of implementation of consumer care experience strategy and initiative
s to create measurable and sustainable impact Scout and assess new trends influencing consumer care experience (e.g., leading brands, offerings, techn
ology, benchmarks, etc.) on feasibility and applicability Work closely with other GCC Managers, especially VoC, Continuous Improvement, Pro-active Car
e and Operations Managers to develop and communicate holistic strategy to the respective teams Attend weekly progress meetings, share key take-outs an
d drive follow-up actions Travel is likely to be required periodically, sometimes frequently  Who are we looking for – requirements:  University degre
e in Management, Marketing, or Business Administration, or equivalent Core Experience: Minimum of 10+ years’ experience working as a consumer care exp
erience Manager with focus on consumer experience strategy development Proven track record of developing cutting-edge consumer care experience strateg
ies and empowering teams to deliver personalized consumer care experience Favorably 1-2 years working within a Consumer Services Centre or Contact Ser
vice Centre or similar environment FMCG and/or Consumer Goods industry experience required Strong background in consumer care strategy development, in
cluding framework definition, consumer journey mapping, lever definition, root cause analysis and implementation plan development (incl. initiative br
eakdown) Capability to craft compelling storylines, define impact and value and present recommendations to senior stakeholder and HQ leaders Analytica
l mindset, with the ability to break down complex requirements, suggest improvements and proactivity develop recommendations, next steps and work pack
ages Skill to prioritize and focus on consumer care strategy implementation initiatives that deliver most impact or value to consumer Ability to quant
ify impact of strategy and initiatives Strong one-on-one and group communication skills across functions and at all levels, with the ability to work i
ndependently and as part of the team Computer savvy in MS Office tools (especially PowerPoint and Excel) with a good understanding of Consumer Care sy
stems (e.g., ServiceNow) Entry level industry/category knowledge would be beneficial Comprehensive understanding and adaption of agile ways of working
 Fluent high-level English, both verbal and written  Recruitment process: If you are an experienced and passionate Consumer Care Strategy Manager who 
is looking for an exciting and rewarding opportunity within a fantastic company – we need you, come and join us! Job Segment: Marketing Manager, Manag
er, Marketing, Entry Level, ManagementBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024
Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesThe announced
 PhD position is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental ch
anges worldwide. Analysing remote sensing data is complex, and finding solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environm
ental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e., dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining 
how to apply solutions at different scales.The research group aims to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, an
d mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological quest
ions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including managing the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and comm
ercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutions. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new researc
h perspectives. The PhD project intends to exploit the potential of historical aerial images acquired worldwide from the early 1920s until the 2000s. 
This data is a unique and untapped resource that provides the only evidence of the earth's surface over the last century and can be used to create dig
ital elevation models (DEMs) through photogrammetric processing if sufficient stereo coverage is available.In recent years, there has been a growing i
nterest in using this data in the context of climate change and rapid human development. However, this data poses several challenges, such as distorti
on during digitisation, lack of metadata, and poor image quality, which can compromise the quality and success of photogrammetric processing. As a res
ult, new pipelines have been developed to address these challenges and automate data processing.The project aims to develop solutions to process histo
rical aerial images to generate accurate elevation information. Exciting historical aerial images from the Trimetrogon flights over glacierised areas 
in Patagonia have been scanned and are available for use in the PhD project. Additional historical images will be purchased to exploit the potential o
f this data over other glacierised areas in the Chilean Andes and worldwide. Change detection analysis will subsequently be conducted to quantify glac
ier and proglacial changes in the observed area. This will include analysing DEMs from modern data acquired by very high-resolution airborne and satel
lite images. Apart from 3D surface reconstruction, historical images are a valuable source of information for detecting changes in land cover using or
thorectified images. Further research could involve the development of artificial intelligence and deep learning solutions for image segmentation and 
quantifying land cover changes over time (e.g., Dahle et al., 2024).  PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental 
changes    Your responsibilities   Developing and implementing research questions. Testing new photogrammetric pipelines (e.g., Knuth et al., 2023; Ma
iwald et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2021) for processing historical aerial images using commercial and open-source solutions. Sensitivity study with Tri
metrogon flights or other available data aiming at improving our understanding of the impact of photogrammetric processing on the DEM quality. Impleme
ntation of solutions for correcting image distortion introduced during the scanning processing and storage. Applying the photogrammetric processing pi
peline to reconstruct DEM time series from different datasets. Quantify the accuracy and uncertainty of the generated DEMs to assess the significance 
of detected changes. Develop DEM time series methods analysis to extract elevation change information and analyse changes over time, including machine
 learning approaches. Image deep learning segmentation for characterising surface landcover and landcover changes. Presentation of research results at
 conferences and publishing results in peer-reviewed journals. Contribution to the teaching of remote sensing courses. Close collaboration with resear
ch partners at the University of Zurich, University of Magallanes, Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), University o
f Toulouse, and TU Wien.     Your profile You have completed a M.Sc. degree in photogrammetry, remote sensing, computer vision, physical geography, ea
rth systems science, physics, or related fields. A strong interest and possibly some experience in image processing, photogrammetry, computer vision, 
and change detection analysis is expected.Very good skills in processing and analysing geospatial data and advanced programming and computational skil
ls (e.g., Python) are required. Experience and interest in cryosphere processes are welcome. You have very good written and spoken English and are wil
ling to interact with an interdisciplinary science community. Knowing German is an additional asset but not required   What we offer The team will be 
built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing experiences, ide
as, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community.We offer a 4-year PhD full position (w
ith internal evaluation after one year). All doctoral candidates will be members of UZH's graduate program and thus benefit from a comprehensive train
ing program and extensive support measures, including the possibility to spend a period abroad. We offer outstanding working conditions, a high qualit
y of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork.   Further information  E-Mail schreibe
n KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wissenschaftlicher MitarbeiterUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:ZürichWissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wissenschaftlicher MitarbeiterDas Historische Seminar der Universität Zürich ist eines der grö
ssten geschichtswissenschaftlichen Institute im deutschsprachigen Raum. Rund 150 Mitarbeitende lehren und forschen hier; in den Bachelor- und Masterst
udiengängen und im Doktorat sind fast 2'000 Studierende eingeschrieben. Am Lehrstuhl für die Geschichte des ersten Millenniums in Asien und Europa an 
der Universität Zürich entsteht in Kooperation mit dem Fachbereich Informatik ein innovatives KI-Labor, das neue Analysemethoden im Bereich der Geschi
chtswissenschaft auf der Basis KI-gestützter Modellierungen entwickelt. Für dieses Projekt suchen wir zum nächstmöglichen Zeitpunkt eine:n wissenschaf
tliche:n Mitarbeiter:in, der/die an der Schnittstelle von Geschichte und künstlicher Intelligenz forschen wird.  Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wisse
nschaftlicher Mitarbeiter    Ihre Aufgaben Ihre Aufgabe besteht in der Konzeption und der Erstellung von Anträgen für digitale Projekte in Zusammenarb
eit mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen aus der Geschichtswissenschaft und der Informatik. Des Weiteren sind Sie für die Entwicklung und Durchführung von For
schungsprojekten, die computergestützte Analysemethoden im Bereich der Geschichte nutzen, verantwortlich. Es wird erwartet, dass ein Aufbau eines Netz
werkes mit den kooperierenden Zürcher Hochschulen ZHdK, ZHAW, PHZH entsteht.   Ihr Profil   Abgeschlossenes Hochschulstudium (Master oder vergleichbar
) in Computerlinguistik, Informatik oder einem benachbarten Fach. Hervorragende Kenntnisse in mindestens einem Bereich der künstlichen Intelligenz, z.
B. Maschinelles Lernen, Natural Language Processing oder Datenanalyse. Erfahrung in der Konzeption und Durchführung digitaler Projekte. Interesse an d
er Geschichte und Bereitschaft, sich intensiv in neue historische Forschungsfelder einzuarbeiten. Sehr gute kommunikative Fähigkeiten und die Fähigkei
t zur interdisziplinären Zusammenarbeit. Fließende Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift.     Wir bieten Ihnen Wir bieten eine abwechslu
ngsreiche Tätigkeit in einem nicht alltäglichen, interessanten und gesellschaftlich relevanten Umfeld. Diversität und Inklusion sind uns ein wichtiges
 Anliegen. Wir bieten Ihnen eine spannende und innovative Arbeitsumgebung an der Schnittstelle zwischen Geschichte und KI-gestützter Forschung. Dazu g
ibt es die Möglichkeit, zukunftsweisende Forschungsprojekte mitzugestalten und durchzuführen sowie in einem dynamischen und interdisziplinären Team mi
tzuwirken. Die Stelle ist zunächst auf zwei Jahre befristet, eine Verlängerung auf maximal 5 Jahre ist möglich. Bei Interesse ist die Durchführung ein
er wissenschaftlichen Qualifikationsarbeit (Promotion/Habilitation) im Rahmen des Projektes möglich.   Weitere Auskünfte  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniv
ersität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in und Doktorand/in im Bereich Logistics and Supply Chain Management (m/w/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVe
röffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenWissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in und Doktorand/in im Bereich Logistic
s and Supply Chain Management (m/w/d)Du bist begeistert von strategischen und innovativen Themen rund um das Supply Chain Management und suchst eine P
osition, die eine hohe Praxisorientierung mit der Möglichkeit zur wissenschaftlichen Vertiefung verbindet? Dann könnte diese Stelle als wissenschaftli
che/r Mitarbeiter/in mit Promotionsabsicht genau das Richtige für dich sein. Der Start erfolgt nach Vereinbarung. Das Team des ISCM-HSG freut sich auf
 deine Bewerbung!  Das kannst du bei uns erwarten:     Eine Arbeit in einem jungen und engagierten Team an abwechslungsreichen und anspruchsvollen Auf
gaben Eine Arbeitskultur, die individuelle Entfaltung, gegenseitige Unterstützung und stetiges Lernen fördert Möglichkeiten zur persönlichen und fachl
ichen Weiterentwicklung während und nach deinem Doktorat   Wissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in und Doktorand/in im Bereich Logistics and Supply Chain M
anagement (m/w/d)    Ihre Aufgaben  Deine Arbeitsinhalte umfassen:        Entwicklung und operative Umsetzung von Modellen, Methoden und Lösungen mit 
Bezug zu Theorie und Praxis. Enge Zusammenarbeit mit national- sowie international agierenden Unternehmen. Vorbereitung und Moderation von Workshops s
owie Präsentationen vor/mit Partnern auf Management-Ebene. Transfer von Forschungsergebnissen in die Praxis durch die Leitung von Projekten zu aktuell
en Themen wie Digitalisierung, Supply Chain Resilienz, Supply Chain Nachhaltigkeit, und künstliche Intelligenz. Teilnahme an international anerkannten
 Kongressveranstaltungen und wissenschaftlichen Konferenzen.     Ihr Profil  Das erwarten wir von dir:    Ein abgeschlossenes Universitätsstudium im B
ereich (Wirtschafts-) Ingenieurwesen oder BWL mit einem Durchschnitt von mind. 5.0 (entspricht 2.0 in DE und AT). Ein ausgeprägtes Interesse und erste
 Erfahrungen in den Forschungs- und Praxisthemen am ISCM-HSG. Erste Beratungs-, Industrie- und Managementerfahrung sowie eine erhöhte Reisebereitschaf
t. Exzellente Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift sowie ein sicherer Umgang mit den gängigen MS-Office Anwendungen. Sicheres und profe
ssionelles Auftreten im Umgang mit Projektpartnern.   "Ein Ort, der Wissen schafft" - Als eine der führenden Wirtschaftsuniversitäten Europas engagier
t sich die Universität St.Gallen (HSG) in der Ausbildung von über 9800 Studierenden und bietet als eine der grössten Arbeitgeberinnen der Region rund 
3330 Mitarbeitenden ein attraktives und innovatives Umfeld in Forschung, Lehre, Weiterbildung und Verwaltung." KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobs
https://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of multi-scale models of the immune system with a focus on investigat
ing cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated PhD candidate to embark on an exciting project focusing on the development of a c
omprehensive multi-scale model of the immune system, with a particular emphasis on inflammation and its role in cardiometabolic diseases (CMD). The pr
oject aims to identify new therapeutic strategies to mitigate inflammation and disease progression in CMD. The PhD candidate will develop hybrid mathe
matical-AI models that integrate mechanistic insights with AI methodologies, addressing challenges related to data scarcity, lack of robustness and ge
neralization of existing data-driven models. The model will be trained on multi-omics datasets and will encapsulate known macrophage and T-cell biolog
y.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop a multi-scale model of the immune system to investigate inflammation by e
xtending existing models (focused on T and B cell biology) to include macrophages. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in 
CMD diseases. Using the developed model, characterize the dynamical interplay and cellular communication between T cells and macrophages in atheroscle
rosis. Integrate spatial molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners to enable accurate cellular simulations of CMDs. Investigate and address uncerta
inties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets.  Expected Outcomes: Development of an accurate 
model for the mechanistic investigation of chronic inflammation and CMD. Innovative models to explore therapeutic interventions in CMD. Development of
 new interpretable deep learning methods for multi-omics data integration.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in C
omputational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a g
ood understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry,
 will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able
 to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/
QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills: Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python. Solid foundation in math
ematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communication skills in English (bo
th written and spoken).  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowledge of interpretable dee
p learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine at the University of Bern, one of Switz
erland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty emphasizes practical re
levance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of death. Through collaborativ
e research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiolog
y, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach positions the faculty as
 a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng
.html   https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus family allowance if applicable, fa
mily status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and employee's National insurance ded
uctions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train a new generation of research
ers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage biology in the context of cardi
ometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissues that are associated with di
sease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of chronic inflammatory diseases 
and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve doctoral candidates will recei
ve tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation as well as develop strategies 
to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modelling approaches. Moreover, they 
will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinicians pledging clinically acti
onable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic institutions in the MIRACLE netwo
rk that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructures, resources, and solid data 
places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the scientists of tomorrow. The MI
RACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coordinator) Maastricht Universit
y, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven University of Bern AstraZeneca U
niversity of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atherosclerosis Society   MIRACLE Kon
taktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism Design 100%, Zuri
ch, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a difference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us a
t the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of clinical and research scientists is dedicated to improving heal
thcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop decision support systems in rehabilitation in many health condi
tions. This position is open for a postdoctoral researcher in the field of generative design for exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a no
vel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the design to the desired assistance. Apart from actively shapin
g our group's research, the positions include international collaboration with partners in Switzerland with academia, clinics and industry, mentoring 
MSc, and PhD students. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful researcher. The positi
on is fully funded for 2 years. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (or shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage adv
anced machine learning to develop an automated design process of mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations emb
edded in the generative mechanism design process. In this project, we will work in working in structural, topological and morphological design automat
ion for individuals with pathological gait. You will be the team lead in developing a new design process and additive manufacturing based on simulatio
ns of individual walking patterns. As a team member, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative techn
ologies for patient usage, and developing standardization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team 
at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil and an industrial in our shared project. Job description This postdoctoral position would focus on stu
dying shape parametrization, learning gait optimization functions for mechanism design and using different machine learning embeddings (such as GANS, 
VAEs, and Diffusion Models) for developing a new full pipeline in design. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for inn
ovation, we want to hear from you. In general, postdoctoral researchers at ETH Zurich have a full-time employment. A part-time employment may only be 
considered in exceptional cases (e.g. child- or familycare, other projects or employment). Your profile You have outstanding experience in Machine Lea
rning with a PhD degree from a university in Computer Science, or related fields, with a proven track record in machine learning, deep learning, and t
opological optimization.  Highly motivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance Strong analytical, mathematical, and algorithmic capabilities
 Understanding and experience in human modelling and simulation Proficiency in mathematical optimization (e.g. multiobjective GA) Confirmed records on
 the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI (preferred) Proven track record in deploying machine learning models into 
production (preferred) Proficiency in programming in Python (preferred) Proven record of leading interdisciplinary projects (desirable) Adaptable and 
flexible to the continuous changes associated with research demands Passion for design and assistive devices  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Y
ou will join a team of clinical and research scientists in the task of improving healthcare systems through physiological and clinical data systems de
sign and analysis. We offer a full-time research position funded with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Working location would be
 arranged between Zurich, Bern and Nottwil with flexibility for some remote work possible. Flexibility to travel is expected within Switzerland. We va
lue diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of int
erests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of
 your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and contact information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will b
e revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitt
ed to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applic
ation in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject li
ne: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and cont
act information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via
 email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will be revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be fou
nd on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Züric
h(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technology Strategy Consultant (part-time possible, all genders) AccentureBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zurich   Du willst die Welt von heute intelligenter, agiler und digit
aler gestalten? Du begeisterst dich für modernste Technologien, digitale Plattformen und neue datengetriebene Geschäftsmodelle - und willst dabei sein
, wenn wir unsere Kunden mit smarten, technologischen Lösungen zu Innovationsführern machen - und helfen echten Business Value für ihren Geschäftserfo
lg zu generieren?   Dann lebe deine Leidenschaft in einer Position bei Technology Strategy & Advisory, in der du die neusten und intelligentesten vern
etzten Technologien nutzt, um die digitale Revolution verschiedener Branchen zu realisieren. Du arbeitest eng mit Führungskräften digitaler Geschäfts-
 und IT-Bereiche zusammen und eröffnest unseren Kunden neue Mittel und Wege.      Das erwartet dich:   Als Strategy Consultant entwickelst du mit uns 
Strategien für eine smartere, digitale Zukunft und nutzt dein Fachwissen und deine innovativen Ideen, um potenzielle Kunden von einer Zusammenarbeit m
it uns zu überzeugen. Dabei arbeitest du eng mit Führungskräften und unseren interdisziplinären Teams an der Entwicklung eines agilen Operating Models
. Gemeinsam entwerft ihr Integrations-/Carve-out Strategien im Rahmen eines M&A Prozesses, analysiert mithilfe aktueller Benchmarks IT-Kostenoptimieru
ngspotentiale und gestaltet industriespezifische Cloud Strategien zur Entwicklung neuer Geschäftsmodelle. Auf Basis fundierter qualitativer und quanti
tativer Analysen erarbeitest du neue Lösungen, wobei du sachkundig und sorgfältig disruptive Trends (z.B. Blockchain, Artificial Intellegence, IoT) be
rücksichtigst. Mit dem entsprechenden Erfahrungshintergrund übernimmst du bei uns schnell Projekt- und Führungsverantwortung.     Darauf freuen wir un
s   Sehr guter IT-Universitätsabschluss auf Masterstufe (z. B. in Wirtschaftsinformatik), gerne mit Zusatzqualifikation (MBA/Promotion) Berufspraxis i
m strategischen IT-Management bzw. in einer strategischen Funktion innerhalb eines Industrie- oder Beratungsunternehmens, inklusive (Teil-)Projektleit
ung und fachlicher Teamleitung; profundes Know-How im Bereich IT-/Digital-Strategie, idealerweise mit Kenntnissen in einem oder mehreren der folgenden
 Themen: Agile Operating Model, Cloud-Technologien, Artificial Intelligence und Machine Learning, IT Security, Tech M&A Fliessendes Deutsch und Englis
ch in Wort und Schrift Sehr gute analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten, eloquenter mündlicher und schriftlicher Ausdruck, Kommunikationssicherhei
t und zwischenmenschliche Qualitäten     Deine Vorteile bei Accenture  Du als Mensch bist uns wichtig. Das wirst du täglich spüren und erleben. Denn u
nsere Arbeitswelt ist auf dich ausgerichtet und bietet dir die umfassenden Benefits eines großen, verantwortungsvollen Arbeitgebers. Dein zukünftiges 
Team schätzt vor allem  umfassende Trainingsangebote, Fort- und Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten hilfreiche Begleitung und sorgfältige Einarbeitung durch e
rfahrene Mentor:innen und Projektleiter:innen tolle Events für Mitarbeitende interessante Aufstiegsmöglichkeiten unsere Arbeitskultur, die Diversität 
& Inklusion fördert     Dein Kontakt  Du hast Fragen? Dann wende dich an unser Recruiting Team per E-Mail an  E-Mail schreiben   oder telefonisch unte
r 00 800 450 450 45 .   Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung. #LI-EU    KontaktAccenture(10)42 Jobshttps://www.accenture.ch/karriereBewerbenJob merkenDi
esen Job melden


Research Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data AnalysisETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Apri
l 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernResearch Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data Anal
ysisResearch Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data Analysis 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Institute of Mac
hine Tools and Manufacturing (IWF) under the Department of Mechanical and Process Engineering (D-MAVT) is an international leading research group on m
achine tools and in the field of production engineering. Recent topics of research focus on novel technologies such as additive manufacturing, Artific
ial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Big Data analysis and Industry 4.0. Project background The increasing velocity of trains, now reaching u
p to 250 km/h, creates a significant amount of noise. It is mainly generated by the aerodynamics and the rail-wheel interaction. Due to this interacti
on, the so-called rolling noise is emitted, contributing significantly to the overall acoustic pollution. The results of sonRAIL study showed direct c
orrelation between the noise development and the surface quality of rail and wheel, thereby creating the willingness to precisely measure this quantit
y. Unfortunately the existing methods do not allow for a fast and precise evaluation of the rail roughness, making it impossible to keep track of the 
rail surface status. The high velocity of the train is just one challenge among many that such a measuring device shall overcome. For instance, anothe
r major problem would be the data processing. Artificial Intelligence will possibly be used for feature extraction out of the huge amount of data. Sta
te of the art dry grinding technology of railways induces increasing noise after the grinding process. The noise only decreases after some train overr
un, which smooths the surface of the rails. A closed loop system with integrated Machine Learning for the detection of optimal process parameters for 
railway grinding needs to be developed, in order to improve the process itself as well as the general track maintenance. Job description For this indu
stry related research project, we are looking for a research assistant who can support the project. You will be working on the development of methodol
ogy and algorithms to accurately measure surface roughness at high speed using contactless sensors. Consequently, the developed product will need to b
e tested and evaluated in the lab, as well as in the real world, on running trains. Theoretical consideration and modeling will then be combined with 
experimental tasks. In a second step, the candidate will need to establish a method to deal with such an enormous amount of data and make it usable fo
r the clients. This will open doors for diving into Machine Learning and Big Data analysis, also related to the predictive maintenance of the rail net
work or to the grinding process optimization. Your profile We are looking for a highly motivated, self-organized and eager to learn candidates holding
 a Master's degree in Engineering or Physics. Qualified candidates should have the following capabilities:  Good knowledge of data analysis and signal
 processing Interest in metrology and measuring techniques Programming experience, preferably in Python and LabView Competences in Information Technol
ogy Languages: fluency in German and English  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working c
onditions. You can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious?
 So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae Motivational Letter Trascript of reco
rds Ev. reference letters  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email
 or postal services will not be considered. Further information about D-MAVT and IWF can be found on the following websites: For any further questions
 regarding this position please refer to Dr. Michal Kuffa (E-Mail schreiben). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your o
nline application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae Motivational Letter Trascript of records Ev. reference letters  Please note that we 
exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Fur
ther information about D-MAVT and IWF can be found on the following websites: For any further questions regarding this position please refer to Dr. Mi
chal Kuffa (E-Mail schreiben).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DHBW Studentin (all genders) Informatik/Wirtschaftsinformatik BScBaloise Versicherung AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselDHBW Studentin (all genders) Informatik/Wirtschaftsinformatik BSc                                                    
    Dein Job in Kürze                                                    Praxis im Unternehmen, Theorie in der Schule und beides aufeinander abgestimm
t: Dich erwartet ein toller Mix für deine Weiterentwicklung! Als Studi kommst du an einen dualen Ausbildungsplatz - egal, ob du dich für Informatik; W
irtschaftsinformatik- Application Management oder Data Science und künstliche Intelligenz interessierst.                                              
                  Was dich erwartet                                                  Spannung, Spiel und Schokolade! Nein, Witz! – Spannung, Spass und
 Studium. - Aber wie kriegen wir das hin?    Ganz einfach, du bist dual unterwegs: Einerseits studierst du an der DHBW in Lörrach, machst dort deinen 
Bachelor; und andererseits sind wir dein Ausbildungspartner. Heisst, was du bei uns in der Praxis lernst, findest du auch in den Studieninhalten wiede
r und umgekehrt. Dadurch entwickelst du ein anderes Interesse wie tieferes Verständnis, für das was du tust.    Dual bedeutet, du bist blockweise im E
insatz: 3 Monate Studium, 3 Monate Baloise – so kannst du dich sowohl in den Unistoff. als auch in deine Aufgaben bei uns im Unternehmen vertiefen. Je
 nachdem, wofür du dich interessierst, setzen wir dich in unseren IT-Bereichen ein. Idealerweise finden wir so heraus, worin du dich spezialisieren ma
gst. Ziel ist es, dass du anhand spannender Praxisarbeiten deine Bachelorarbeit schreiben kannst. Hierbei unterstützen wir dich gern fachlich wie wiss
enschaftlich.                                                            Was wir erwarten                                                  Dass du uns
 von deinen Vorstellungen erzählst: Warum möchtest du bei uns einsteigen? Welche Studienrichtung möchtest du wählen und wieso? Erzähl doch gern mal vo
n dir: Wer bist du? Was machst du? Was interessiert dich? Was sind deine Pläne und Vorstellungen an eine duale Ausbildung? Bitte sende uns auch deinen
 CV und dein letztes Zeugnis! So können wir dich besser kennenlernen.    Wichtig: Bring dich bei uns ein! Lass uns an deinen Gedanken und Ideen teilha
ben! Stell deine Fragen! Es ist immer gut, frischen Wind im Unternehmen zu haben. Du hast fachlich wie organisatorisch Betreuende, die dich unterstütz
en und dir helfen, dich mutig wie menschlich weiterzuentwickeln. Wir legen hier grossen Wert, dass du sowohl fachlich wie persönlich in der Ausbildung
 bei uns wächst.    Wir suchen junge Menschen, die sich für Informatik interessieren, die ein gesundes Selbstvertrauen haben, konstruktiv Feedback geb
en und annehmen, die lernen und fleissig sind, auch neugierig bleiben und gern Neues ausprobieren. KontaktBaloise Versicherung AG(0)78 JobsBewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum "Mobilität"SWISSTRAFFIC AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SionPraktikum "Mobilität
"SWISSTRAFFIC ist eine international tätige und innovative Unternehmung von Verkehrsingenieuren in den Bereichen der Mobilität, der Verkehrssicherheit
, der Signalisation und der Smart Mobility. Wir suchen ab sofort oder nachVereinbarung eine(n) Praktikant(in) in Ittigen zur Bearbeitung von vielfälti
gen Mobilitäts-Projekten in der ganzenSchweiz für eine Dauer von 6 bis 12 Monaten.Praktikum "Mobilität" w/mSie bieten uns:Deutsche oder französische M
uttersprache mit sehr guten Kenntnissen der zweiten Sprache in Wort und SchriftInteresse und Motivation für Aufgaben aus dem Fachbereich "Verkehr & Mo
bilität"Freude am Umgang mit neuen, innovativen Technologien (Artificial Intelligence)Wir bieten Ihnen:Mitarbeit bei vielseitigen Mobilitäts-Projekten
 in der deutsch- und französischsprachigen SchweizAngenehmes Arbeitsumfeld in jungem und motiviertem TeamAttraktive Anstellungskonditionen mit interes
santen Fringe BenefitsArbeitsort nur 12 vom Bahnhof Bern entferntSorgfältige Einführung in die neue AufgabeFringe Benefits - weil Sie es uns Wert sind
Gratis Halbtax-Abo der SBB - für Ihre MobilitätGratis Parkplatz für Auto und FahrradGratis LUMO-Fahrradhelm mit Leuchten und Blinker - für Ihre Sicher
heitWir helfen und unterstützen Sie bei der WohnungssucheJede Woche steht ein frischer Früchtekorb bereit - für Ihre GesundheitEs stehen gratis Wasser
flaschen zur Verfügung - für Ihre GesundheitKaffee steht gratis zur VerfügungJeden Freitag gibt es gratis Güggeli (Huhn)Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweck
t?Dann freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen mit CV und Foto. Wir sichernIhnen absolute vertrauliche Behandlung Ihrer Bewerbung zu. Weitere Aus
künfte erteilt Ihnen gerne Herr AlainBützberger unter +41 31 922 11 22 oder via Mail an die Adresse alain.buetzberger@swisstraffic.ch.Sie finden alle 
notwendigen Informationen über unsere Unternehmung unter der Webseite www.swisstraffic.chSWISSTRAFFIC AG - Worblentalstrasse 32 - CH-3063 Ittigen.Sept
ember 2020KontaktSWISSTRAFFIC AG(2)1 Jobhttps://www.swisstraffic.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024Pensum:100
%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryThe announced postdoctoral resear
cher is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group within the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the Department of Geography, Universit
y of Zurich. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental changes worldwide. Analyzing remote sensing data is complex, and find
ing solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environmental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e.,
 dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining how to apply solutions at different scales. The research group aims
 to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, and mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, an
d geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological questions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including m
anaging the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and commercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutio
ns. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new research perspectives.  Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remot
e sensing and photogrammetry    Your responsibilities The candidate will have a central role in the research group by addressing the following methodo
logical and technological research topics in close collaboration with all team members. You will be responsible for managing the satellite data archiv
e and developing algorithms/tools that facilitate organization, and access to the data for the team's research and teaching activities. You are expect
ed to develop image processing and analysis tools to support the team, including artificial intelligence and machine learning for geospatial remote se
nsing datasets. You will be part of the team contributing to developing open-source and modular processing pipelines for accurately generating DEM tim
e series and elevation information. These solutions can complement already available pipelines such as xDEM. Subsequently, advanced time series optica
l and SAR data analysis will be created with the PhDs for change detection analysis, including developing satellite radar interferometric ground motio
n time series. Furthermore, the multiple sensor-platform approach aims to calibrate/validate satellite observation at local, regional, and global scal
es. You will also collaborate in the planning and teaching of courses in the field of remote sensing at the department. You are welcome to develop you
r research activities and ideas through joint proposals or as principal investigator and apply for funding through national and international opportun
ities, including ESA calls.     Your profile We seek an enthusiastic, creative, and independent researcher interested in working with various remote s
ensing data to quantify changes in cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. Specifically, the research topics will cover a broad range of technology a
nd environmental sciences, including but not only glacier changes in elevation and velocity, periglacial changes due to glacier retreat and related ma
ss movements, spatiotemporal changes in forest cover and height along with the characterization of vertical and horizontal forest structures. Remote s
ensing data include historical and digital aerial images, airborne Lidar, optical satellite data, synthetic aperture radar (SAR), satellite laser and 
radar altimetry. In addition, research will also involve the simulation and use of upcoming ESA and NASA satellite missions.  Requirements The candida
te must be able to multitask and work on various projects and applications independently and in collaboration with the team members and other colleagu
es. The applicant should have problem-solving skills and good organizational and communication skills. Advanced programming and computational skills, 
software development, geospatial data analysis and visualization, GIS and Remote Sensing concepts are required. The team will primarily use Python, QG
IS, ArcGIS, and project tracking systems (e.g., GitHub). Fluent English is a requirement. German is not required, but it facilitates communication wit
h the administrative and other members. The candidate will benefit from a close network of collaboration with the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the d
epartment and established international collaborations, such as with the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), Instit
ute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF), University of Oslo, World Glacier Monitoring Service, TU Wien, German Aerospace Center (DLR), Ulster Univer
sity, University Grenoble Alpes, TU Dresden, University of Toulouse, Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt, and University of Innsbruck. Interac
tions with supported science IT teams will be required to address large-scale computational research data processing and management.   What we offer T
he team will be built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing 
experiences, ideas, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community. We offer outstanding 
working conditions, a high quality of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork. Emplo
yment is 80 % for three years with a possibility of extension of another three years. The salary is defined by the level of the employee's career and 
age following the salary regulations of the UZH.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.net
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichResearch Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingResearch Assistant in Generative AI fo
r Morphology Optimization of Assistive Devices 80%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a d
ifference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us at the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of cl
inical and research scientists is dedicated to improving healthcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop de
cision support systems in rehabilitation in many health conditions. This position is open for a research engineer in the field of generative design fo
r exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a novel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the desig
n to the desired assistance. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful engineer. The po
sition is fully funded for 2 years. A potential extension to a doctoral position can be considered upon performance. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (o
r shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage advanced machine learning to develop an automated design process of 
mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations embedded in the generative mechanism design process. As a team membe
r, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative technologies for patient usage, and developing standard
ization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil an
d an industrial in our shared project. Job description Wiithin thjs project you will leverage advanced 3D shape construction through generative design
 for the structural improvement of walking aids and biomechanical fitting to the user morphology, developing a software solution that integexpert know
ledge included in the design and fabrication. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for innovation, we want to hear fro
m you. Join us and help shape the future of 3D design and additive manufacturing for mechanical and mechatronic aids. Your profile  You have experienc
e in mesh, and CAD with a Master's degree from a university in Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, Highly mot
ivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance in your studies. CAD, 3D modelling and experience in shape analysis such as surface and topology 
consistency (preferred) Confirmed records on one of the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI. (preferred) Proven tra
ck record in deploying machine learning models into production (C/C++/C# or Python) You have first-rate oral and written English skills. Highly organi
zed with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer To become part of an ambitious, research team offer
ing an outstanding research environment, full access to extensive facilities and great team spirit in close collaboration with international academia 
and industrial partners. This is a unique opportunity to be at the forefront of cutting-edge research in AI for human modelling and fitting, working w
ith state-of-the-art technology and collaborating with a highly motivated research and industrial team. We offer a full-time research assistant/engine
er position (100% or as agreed ) with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Work location ETH Zurich / Nottwil with flexibility for r
emote work possible. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a sin
gle file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is
 transparent or null" One code example with documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' con
tact information  Applications will be processed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted
 through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found 
on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich C
urious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a single file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of
 interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" One code example wi
th documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' contact information  Applications will be pr
ocessed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. A
pplications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the p
osition should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


Juristische*r Mitarbeiter*in Aktienrecht (100%, befristet für 4 Monate), ZürichMLL Meyerlustenberger Lachenal Froriep AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlic
ht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichJuristische*r Mitarbeiter*in Aktienrecht (100%, befristet für 4 Monate), ZürichJuristi
sche*r Mitarbeiter*in Aktienrecht (100%, befristet für 4 Monate), Zürich Neue Technologien begeistern dich und du möchtest in einer Kanzlei arbeiten, 
wo du etwas bewegen kannst. Wir zeichnen uns durch eine erstklassige Branchenexpertisein technisch innovativen Themengebieten wie Fintech, Blockchain 
und künstliche Intelligenz, aber auch in regulierten und innovativen Branchen wie Life Sciences, ICT, Finanzdienstleistungen, Immobilien und Retail & 
Luxury aus. Unser Praxisteam zählt zu den führenden und international anerkanntesten Teams der Schweiz für Rechtsfragen rund um M&A und Corporate in d
en unterschiedlichsten Branchen. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams suchen wir eine*n Mitarbeiter* in mit abgeschlossenem oder weit fortgeschrittenem Jus-S
tudium und guten Kenntnissen im Gesellschaftsrecht, um bei der Erstellung und Überarbeitung von juristischen Standarddokumenten im Hinblick auf das ne
ue Aktienrecht zu unterstützen. Die Stelle ist auf 4 Monate befristet. Du möchtest bei der Umsetzung der Aktienrechtsreform hautnah dabei sein, indem 
du unser Team bei Recherchearbeiten, sowie bei der Erstellung von neuen und Überarbeitung von bestehenden Standarddokumenten unterstützt. Neben Freude
 an gesellschaftsrechtlichen Fragestellungen und guten Englisch- und Deutschkenntnissen, hast du ein Flair für technische Anwendungen (insb. gute Kenn
tnisse in MS Word), und Freude an der Arbeit im Team. Du bist fokussiert, konstruktiv, humorvoll und arbeitest selbständig und präzise. Weiter bringst
 du ein sicheres Auftreten und Teamfähigkeit mit. Über eine bereits bestehende Begeisterung für Gesellschaftsrecht, die sich in einer entsprechenden A
rbeit oder juristischen Publikation niedergeschlagen hat, würden wir uns auch freuen. Wir bieten dir eine spannende, aber auch anspruchsvolle Arbeit, 
in der du dein Talent unter Beweis stellen kannst. Bei uns triffst du auf ein motivierendes Umfeld mit flachen Hierarchien. Wir pflegen eine kollegial
e, kommunikative und innovativen Atmosphäre mit kultureller Vielfalt. Der gemeinsame Erfolg wird hoch gewichtet, denn die Summe ist jeweils mehr als d
er Einzelne. Als Mitglied unsers Teams arbeitest du in unseren Büros im Herzen von Zürich-West. Wir bieten dir einen modernen Arbeitsplatz und attrakt
ive, leistungsorientierte Entlöhnung wie auch flexible Arbeitsbedingungen (z.B. Home-Office-Möglichkeit). Wir bekennen uns zur Gleichstellung am Arbei
tsplatz und betrachten Vielfalt als Stärke. Alle Bewerbungen, die dem Profil entsprechen, sind sehr willkommen und werden berücksichtigt. Wenn wir dei
n Interesse wecken konnten und du Teil unseres Teams werden möchtest, freuen wir uns auf deine Bewerbung. Bei Fragen stehen wir selbstverständlich zur
 Verfügung. Stellenantritt ab Anfang August oder nach Vereinbarung.KontaktMLL Meyerlustenberger Lachenal Froriep AG(0)14 Jobshttp://www.mll-legal.comB
ewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Erfahrene:r Entwicklungsingenieur:in Elektrotechnik 80 - 100%ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 
April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WinterthurErfahrene:r Entwicklungsingenieur:in Elektrotechnik 80 - 100%Erfahrene:r Entwickl
ungsingenieur:in Elektrotechnik 80 - 100% Sie arbeiten in einem jungen, motivierten Team an einem unserer innovativen Projekte im Bereich der zuverläs
sigen künstlichen Intelligenz, der autonomen Navigation und der sicheren Echtzeitkommunikation. Departement: School of Engineering Arbeitsbeginn: Per 
sofort oder nach Vereinbarung Entsprechend Ihren Kompetenzen werden Sie in unseren Projekten mit einem oder mehreren der folgenden Fachgebiete arbeite
n: Entwurf von Schaltungen und Leiterplatten  Forschung und Entwicklung von optischen und Mikrocontroller-Systemen, die in autonomen Fahrzeugen und Ro
botersteuerungen zum Einsatz kommen Schaltungs- und PCB-Design nach hohen Zuverlässigkeitsstandards in Altium Designer Pflege der Bauteilbibliothek  F
PGA-Entwicklung  Forschung und Entwicklung von Zuverlässigkeits-Architekturen für KI-Beschleuniger und zu-verlässigen Bildverarbeitungssystemen Wir se
tzen sowohl Intel/Altera als auch AMD/Xilinx Entwicklungsumgebungen ein Entwurf in VHDL und Anwendung von High-Level-Synthese Verifizierung mit Open V
erification Methodology (OVM) in Python  Firmware-Entwicklung  Forschung und Entwicklung in den Bereichen künstliche Intelligenz, autonome Fahrzeugnav
igation und Bildverarbeitungssysteme in harter Echtzeit Entwicklung in C und Python  Am Institute of Embedded Systems erwartet Sie ein engagiertes, mo
tiviertes Team und ein spannendes, innovatives Arbeitsumfeld. Wir suchen eine starke Persönlichkeit  mit einem Abschluss einer Fachhochschule/Universi
tät in Elektrotechnik oder Informatik mit Berufserfahrung in den beschriebenen Fachgebieten die eine hohe Selbstständigkeit und Selbstmotivation besit
zt und sich in unserem offenen Hochschulumfeld wohlfühlt und mit Freude an anspruchsvoller Arbeit mit Zukunftstechnologien  Die ZHAW Zürcher Hochschul
e für Angewandte Wissenschaften ist mit über 14'000 Studierenden und rund 3'400 Mitarbeitenden eine der grössten Mehrsparten-Fachhochschulen der Schwe
iz. Die 14 Institute der School of Engineering (SoE) garantieren qualitativ hochstehende Ausbildung, Forschung und Entwicklung mit Fokus auf die Berei
che Energie, Mobilität, Information und Gesundheit. Verteilte eingebettete Systeme sowie industrielle Kommunikationslösungen sind die Kernkompetenz de
s Institute of Embedded Systems (InES). Mit unseren hochwertigen Referenzimplementierungen in Hardware und Software bieten wir einen raschen und risik
oarmen Zugang zu innovativen und kostengünstigen Lösungen und einen effizienten Technologietransfer für die Industrie. Unser Institut zeichnet sich du
rch flache Hierarchien, offene Kommunikation und respektvolle Du-Kultur aus, wo sich Studierende, Mitarbeitende und Dozierende auf Augenhöhe begegnen.
 Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingungen an und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspers
onen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der Webseite «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Hans Doran He
ad of High Integrity Systems, Institute of Embedded Systems Tanja Schmid Recruiting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)
62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technologie (Senior) Audit Managerin oder Manager Interne RevisionSchweizerische NationalbankBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernTechnologie (Senior) Audit Managerin oder Manager Interne RevisionDie Schweizerische Nationalbank (SNB) führt als u
nabhängige Zentralbank die Geldpolitik im Gesamtinteresse des Landes. Sie sorgt für Preisstabilität und trägt damit zu einem Umfeld bei, in dem sich d
ie Volkswirtschaft gut entwickeln kann. _____ Technologie (Senior) Audit Managerin oder Manager Interne Revision(80% - 100%) In dieser vielseitigen un
d verantwortungsvollen Funktion sind Sie Teil eines motivierten Teams und haben die Möglichkeit, im gesamten Spektrum der SNB etwas bewegen zu können.
 Arbeitsort: Zürich Ihr Beitrag: Mitgestaltung bei der Digitalisierung und der technologischen Weiterentwicklung (künstliche Intelligenz); Leitung und
 Durchführung von anspruchsvollen integrierten Prüfungen nach unserem systematischen Ansatz und unter Berücksichtigung von Best Practices innerhalb de
r ganzen SNB; Interaktion mit Bankleitung und Prüfungsausschuss des Bankrats und Präsentation von Prüfergebnissen; Fachbereichsverantwortung für ein o
der mehrere relevante Themen (z.B. Operatives Bankgeschäft, Handel, Informatik, Risikomanagement, Asset Management, Bargeld); Beratungen und «Insights
» an die Bankleitung und Bankrat; Mitarbeit und Vertretung der Internen Revision in bankweiten Arbeitsgruppen sowie in internationalen Zentralbankenne
tzwerken; Aktive Mitwirkung bei der Jahresplanung und -berichterstattung sowie strategischen Initiativen zur Weiterentwicklung der Internen Revision (
z.B. Prüfmethodik, Datenanalyse). Ihre Kenntnisse und Erfahrungen: Mindestens 5 Jahre relevante Berufserfahrung in der zweiten oder dritten Linie oder
 Wirtschaftsprüfung; gut ausgeprägtes Informatik / Technologie -Verständnis. Erfahrung in der Datenanalyse und Informatik(-revision) ist ein Plus; Kri
tische Denkhaltung und Blick für Gesamtzusammenhänge; «Can Do»-Mentalität mit der Fähigkeit, zweckmässige Lösungen zu finden; sehr gute Kommunikations
-, Redaktions- und Moderationsfähigkeiten; Hochschulabschluss sowie mindestens eine relevante fachliche Zusatzausbildung (z.B. CIA, Wirtschaftsprüfer,
 CISA, CFE); Sehr gute Deutschkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift, Französischkenntnisse von Vorteil. Unser Angebot: Wir bieten eine verantwortungsvolle un
d herausfordernde Tätigkeit in einem kollegialen Umfeld und einer Organisation, die Sie beruflich wie auch persönlich fördert. Unsere Arbeitsbedingung
en sind modern und unterstützen die Vereinbarkeit von Beruf und Privatleben. Dazu gehört die Möglichkeit, flexibel und im Home-Office zu arbeiten. Die
 SNB achtet die unterschiedlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mitarbeitenden und fördert deren Vielfalt. Chancengleichheit und Gleichbehan
dlung haben höchste Priorität. Unsere Entlöhnung ist fair, markt- und leistungsgerecht.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Machine Learning 70-100%Bystronic Laser AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Februar 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:N
iederönzPraktikum Machine Learning 70-100%Personaldienstleister können Bewerbungen einreichen, sofern sie die „Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen für di
e Zusammenarbeit zwischen der Bystronic Laser AG und Personaldienstleister“ gelesen haben und vollständig akzeptieren. Wir empfehlen vor Eingabe von B
ewerbungen mit dem entsprechenden HR-Verantwortlichen Kontakt aufzunehmen. */ Wer wir sind. Was wir tun. Wir sind Bystronic - ein globales Technologie
unternehmen im Bereich der Blechbearbeitung. Bei uns treiben unsere Mitarbeitenden unsere gemeinsame Zukunft voran, mit Blech und darüber hinaus. Wir 
wollen mit Menschen arbeiten, die uns dabei unterstützen, innovative Lösungen zu schaffen, die unsere Branche voranbringen. Unser Fokus liegt auf der 
Automatisierung des gesamten Material- und Datenflusses in der Prozesskette des Laserschneidens und Biegens. Zur Unterstützung des Predevelopment-Team
s im Bereich Machine Learning bieten wir an unserem Standort in Niederönz eine interessante Praktikumsstelle an. Praktikum Machine Learning 70-100% Wa
s du bewirken kannst Nebst der Mithilfe im Tagesgeschäft beschäftigst du dich einerseits mit der Evaluierung und Prüfung von Vision-Systemen im Umfeld
 der Laserbearbeitungsmaschine und andererseits mit der Auswertung von Bildern mittels Bildverarbeitung und/oder künstlicher Intelligenz.  Auswertung 
von Bildern mit Hilfe von Vision-Algorithmen Extraktion von Features mit Hilfe einer Vision-Bibliothek Bilddaten durch maschinelles Lernen verarbeiten
 Automatisierung der Datenanalyse durch Regressionstests Dokumentation der Ergebnisse  Was du mitbringst  Abgeschlossenes Studium der Elektrotechnik, 
Softwaretechnik oder Mikrotechnik (HF/FH/Uni) Kenntnisse in der Softwareentwicklung (z. B. Python) Erfahrung mit Kamerakomponenten und Bildanalyse sow
ie maschinellem Lernen Fließende Englisch- und/oder Deutschkenntnisse Vertraut mit Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Du bist ein Tea
mplayer und bringst Innovation und Kreativität mit  Das bieten wir dir  Innerhalb unseres Young Generation-Programms ermöglichen wir Studierenden, wäh
rend dem Studium oder zwischen zwei Studiengängen praktische Arbeitserfahrung in einem studienverwandten Fachbereich zu sammeln Wir sind ein familiäre
s, hilfsbereites Team, unterstützen einander bei den täglichen Herausforderungen und pflegen im Umgang miteinander eine unkomplizierte Du-Kultur Du tr
iffst bei uns ein agiles, dynamisches und modernes Arbeitsumfeld in einem stark wachsenden, erfolgreichen Unternehmen an Wir nehmen unsere Verantwortu
ng gegenüber der Umwelt ernst, produzieren unter anderem eigenen Strom und als Mitarbeiter profitierst du von diversen E-Mobility-Vergünstigungen  Peo
ple power our purpose Stell dir vor, du könntest in einer Umgebung arbeiten, in der du zum Unternehmensfortschritt beiträgst und in der deine Leidensc
haft, Werte und Fähigkeiten eine zentrale Rolle spielen. Bei Bystronic kann das deine Realität werden. Unsere Mitarbeitenden sind der Schlüssel, um un
sere Ambitionen voranzutreiben und unseren kontinuierlichen Erfolg zu fördern. Gemeinsam haben wir eine Kultur geschaffen, in der unsere Mitarbeitende
n im Mittelpunkt stehen und uns inspirieren, Entscheidungen zu treffen, die ihnen optimal nutzen und gleichzeitig mit unserem Unternehmenszweck im Ein
klang stehen. Obwohl wir in der Technologiebranche tätig sind, sind es die Menschen, die wahre Veränderungen bewirken. Interessiert? Reizt dich dieses
 vielseitige Praktikum? Dann freuen wir uns darauf, dich kennenzulernen! Mit nur wenigen Klicks kannst du deine Bewerbung auf unserer Plattform einrei
chen. Wir freuen uns, mehr von dir zu erfahren. Sarah Fasnacht, HR Business PartnerBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning Engineer, SIMLApple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zurich
 , Zurich , SwitzerlandMachine Learning Engineer, SIMLKey QualificationsKey Qualifications Familiarity with Python, PyTorch, TensorFlow Hold yourself 
and others to a high bar when delivering a model Have great communication skills, for collaborating across many participating teams Hands-on experienc
e with LLM-based workflows: prompt engineering and parameter-efficient fine-tuning of pre-trained LLM Experience with multi-modal setting, specificall
y Vision and Language Ability to rapidly iterate with fine-tuning toolboxes. Ability to translate high-level product goals into data, model and metric
s requirements. Awareness and attention to model complexity, power and performance. DescriptionDescriptionAs a ML engineer in the SIML HOUr team, you 
will work with large-language models and multi-modal generative models, following closely groundbreaking advancements in this domain, to adjust and ap
ply them to internal use cases. One main mission of the role is building adapters on top of large models to enable specific use cases, having a direct
 impact on features across the Apple ecosystem. The work will involve translating high-level product goals into different levels of the stack. From de
fining the data needs, manipulating data, fine-tuning pre-trained models for the task, evaluating it across relevant metrics and power and performance
, prototyping and delivering it for integration. The work will be multi-functional, collaborating with ML researchers, software engineers, product des
ign, and other teams. Be expected to iterate quickly to deliver a high quality model, that is performant, reliable, tested extensively, and documented
. Apart from model development, the role will also give the experience of scoping projects, estimating timelines, multi-functional planning and presen
ting your work to organization leadership. If this could be of interest, please apply! Education & ExperienceEducation & ExperienceMaster's or Ph.D. i
n Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field Additional RequirementsAdditional Requirements Apple’s most importan
t resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter wher
e you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employ
ees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to 
share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, rei
mburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products. Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subj
ect to eligibility requirements. Apple is an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to en
sure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disabili
ty, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicant
s with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Leiter IT & Business Excellence 80-100%Xovis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zollikof
enLeiter IT & Business Excellence 80-100%Leiter IT & Business Excellence 80-100% Leiter IT & Business Excellence 80-100% (m/w/d) Wir sind eine interna
tionale Marktführerin für intelligente Lösungen im Bereich "People Flow" und meistern Herausforderungen an Flughäfen, in Retail, Transportation und Bu
ilding Management. Mit einer eigenen, «Swiss made» Hard- und Software für die präzise, datenschutzkonforme Zählung von Personen und die Optimierung vo
n Personenflüssen leisten wir einen Beitrag zum Erfolg unserer Kunden und schaffen Sicherheit und Wohlbefinden für Menschen die unterwegs sind. Dabei 
bildet unsere hochpräzise 3D Technologie in Kombination mit «Artificial Intelligence» das Fundament des grossen Erfolges. Trotz starkem Wachstum und ü
ber 130 Mitarbeitenden weltweit leben wir jeden Tag den Xovis-Spirit, welcher uns schon als Schweizer Startup prägte. IT und Digitalisierung ist deine
 Welt und Du suchst ein Job mit viel Verantwortung in einem spannenden, dynamischen und internationalen Umfeld? Dann haben wir den perfekten Job für d
ich! Was dich erwartet  Als Leiter IT & Business Excellence bist Du für den täglichen Betrieb und die Weiterentwicklung der IT- und Business Prozess L
andschaft mit Office 365, Azure, Windows Server, Ubuntu, VMware ESX, PRTG, PowerBI, Abacus ERP und Salesforce zuständig Du erfasst die Anforderungen u
nd gestaltest die Architektur unserer kommerziellen Business Anwendungen, in Zusammenarbeit mit der Geschäftsleitung, Vertriebs- und Produktteams Du l
eitest unser interdisziplinäres IT & Business Excellence Team Du verantwortest die Überwachung unserer IT Security und Infrastruktur Du planst in Zusa
mmenarbeit mit deinem Team und der Geschäftsleitung strategische IT-Initiativen und setzt diese um Du bist die zentrale Anlaufstelle für digitale Tran
sformation und behandelst Themen weit über die operationelle IT hinaus Mit Digitalisierung und Technologie trägst Du zum Erfolg und Modernisierung der
 Xovis bei  Was du mitbringst  Höhere Ausbildung (Uni/HF, FH) oder EFZ als Informatiker mit entsprechender Erfahrung in der ICT Mehrjährige Berufserfa
hrung in einer vergleichbaren Funktion Ausgeprägte Erfahrung und Interesse im Umgang mit den Themen CRM, ERP und Business Intelligence Grundkenntnisse
 in den Bereichen Netzwerkverwaltung, On-Prem Server Infrastruktur, Modern Workplace und Collaboration Sehr gute Deutsch- und gute Englischkenntnisse 
in Wort und Schrift Rasche Auffassungsgabe sowie eine sehr selbstständige und kundenfokussierten Arbeitsweise  Was wir dir bieten  Eine klare Vision u
nd Strategie sowie eine flache Hierarchie Wertschätzendes und kollegiales Arbeitsklima mit gelebter DU-Kultur sowie regelmäßige Teamevents Modernes un
d zentral gelegenes Office direkt neben dem Bahnhof Zollikofen sowie kostenlose Parkmöglichkeiten Home-Office Möglichkeit sowie flexibles Arbeiten Att
raktive Mitarbeiter-Benefits  Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung.KontaktXovis AG(1)9 Jobshttps://www.xovis.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Projektleitung Digitale Transformation, befristet für vier Jahre, 80 - 100%Kanton ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichProjektleitung Digitale Transformation, befristet für vier Jahre, 80 - 100%Projektleitung Digitale Transformation
, befristet für vier Jahre, 80 - 100% Der Lehrmittelverlag Zürich ist einer der führenden Anbieter von Lehr- und Lernmedien der Schweiz. Als kantonale
r Verlag entwickelt und produziert er mit rund 75 Mitarbeitenden unterrichtsleitende Lehrmittel vornehmlich für die Volksschule. Wir suchen eine engag
ierte Projektleitung Digitale Transformation (80% - 100%), die unsere Vision der Lehrmittel-Zukunft mitentwickelt. Sie konzipieren mit uns die Lehrmit
tel für die Volksschule von morgen und gestalten unseren Verlag technologisch mit. Wir suchen eine engagierte Projektleitung Digitale Transformation (
80% - 100%), die unsere Vision der Lehrmittel-Zukunft mitentwickelt. Sie konzipieren mit uns die Lehrmittel für die Volksschule von morgen und gestalt
en unseren Verlag technologisch mit. Aufgaben In dieser neuen Funktion spielen Sie eine Schlüsselrolle an der Schnittstelle zwischen Technologie und P
roduktinnovation. Sie verfolgen und analysieren die neuesten Entwicklungen im Bereich der künstlichen Intelligenz und anderer relevanter Technologien.
 Sie identifizieren Trends und konkrete Anwendungsmöglichkeiten und treiben so die Transformation unserer digitalen Lehrmittel voran. Regulatorische E
ntwicklungen haben Sie dabei stets im Blick. Sie verantworten unsere Innovationsprojekte, organisieren Workshops und gestalten Prozesse. Dabei stehen 
Sie in engem Austausch mit unseren Entwicklungsteams und unseren externen Partnern, beraten unsere Autorinnen und Autoren und sind im Kontakt mit der 
IT. Darüber hinaus arbeiten und kooperieren Sie mit bei der Integration von KI in übergreifenden Anwendungsfällen. Profil  Ausbildung oder Erfahrung i
n einem relevanten technischen Bereich, z.B. Informatik, maschinelles Lernen oder KI. Erfahrung im Beobachten von Tech-Trends, im Anwenden von KI, im 
Managen von Innovationsprojekten sowie gute Vernetzung in der Edtech-Community. Erfahrung mit rechtlichen, regulatorischen und ethischen Aspekten im U
mgang mit Daten und Urheberrechten. Ausgezeichnete Kommunikationsfähigkeit, um komplexe Themen und Konzepte verständlich zu vermitteln und mit Entwick
lungsteams zusammenzuarbeiten. Kreativität und Vorstellungskraft, um innovative Lösungen zu entwickeln, die sich nahtlos in unsere Produktlandschaft e
infügen. Didaktische oder pädagogische Erfahrung ist von Vorteil. Sie verfügen über sehr gute Deutsch- und gute Englischkenntnisse (B2), insbesondere 
für den fachlichen Austausch.  Freuen Sie sich auf Es erwarten Sie sympathische und engagierte Kolleginnen und Kollegen sowie ein spannendes, dynamisc
hes und anspruchsvolles Aufgabenfeld, das Sie in dieser Schlüsselfunktion massgeblich mitgestalten können. Eine fundierte Einarbeitung ist uns wichtig
, ein moderner Arbeitsplatz selbstverständlich. Zeitgemässe Anstellungsbedingungen, gute Sozialleistungen und die Möglichkeit von Homeoffice gehören e
benfalls dazu. Interessiert? Bei Fragen steht Ihnen Larissa Bieler, Leiterin Entwicklung, Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung, unter 044 465 85 04, gerne zu
r Verfügung. Weitere Informationen über uns und unsere Produkte finden Sie unter www.lmvz.ch. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbung (gerne mit Foto) über 
den Bewerbungslink. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbung (gerne mit Foto) über den Bewerbungslink.KontaktKantonale Verwaltung Zürich(6)265 Jobshttps://ww
w.zh.ch/de/arbeiten-beim-kanton.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


SAP S/4 HANA Finance & Controlling ConsultantIBM Client Innovation Center Switzerland GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Ver
trag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSAP S/4 HANA Finance & Controlling ConsultantIntroductionSAP Finance ConsultantA career in IBM Consulting is roote
d by long-term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe.You'll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve 
the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful cha
nge for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio; including Software an
d Red Hat.Curiosity and a constant quest for knowledge serve as the foundation to success in IBM Consulting. In your role, you'll be encouraged to cha
llenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in ground breaking impact for a wide network of
 clients. Our culture of evolution and empathy centers on long-term career growth and development opportunities in an environment that embraces your u
nique skills and experience. Your Role and ResponsibilitiesAs a managing consultant, you will serve as a client-facing practitioner working collaborat
ively with clients to deliver high-quality solutions and be a trusted business advisor with deep understanding of SAP Accelerate delivery methodology 
or equivalent and associated work products. You will lead design workshops, support business development activities and mentor and coach team members 
to develop their skills and knowledge. There are opportunities for you to acquire new skills, work across different disciplines, take on new challenge
s, and develop a comprehensive understanding of various industries. There are opportunities for you to acquire new skills, work across different disci
plines, take on new challenges, and develop a comprehensive understanding of various industries. Your primary responsibilities include:   Strategic SA
P Solution Leadership: Leading the technical design, development, and implementation of SAP solutions for simplicity, amplification, and maintainabili
ty that meet client needs.  Team Delivery leadership: Lead and manage high performing team of SAP consultants to deliver work products on time, budget
, and quality.  Comprehensive Solution Delivery: Involvement in strategy development and solution implementation, leveraging your functional expertise
 of SAP with clients and team members and working with the latest technologies. SAPEMEA_24 Required Technical and Professional Expertise   Professiona
l Expertise with SAP Configuration: Hands-on SAP configuration experience in SAP S/4HANA Finance with a minimum of 5 end-to-end implementations from p
roject preparation to go-live as Consultant or Solution Architect.  SAP Process knowledge: Experience with finance processes and workflows  Experience
 with SAP S/4HANA: Strong understanding of SAP S/4HANA and its application in client environments & with Artificial Intelligence models and their use 
in SAP implementation.  Leadership skills: Strong leadership skills and experience leading teams.  SAP Certifications: Holder of SAP certifications.  
 Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise   Familiarity with Cloud Computing Platforms: Including IBM Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure, and GCP.  K n
owledge of Agile methodologies: Hands on experience with project management methodologies like Agile. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning EngineerAlohi SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Oktober 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Plan-les-OuatesMachine Le
arning EngineerAlohi SA, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, brings together a team of highly competent engineers that focus on merging state-of-the
-art technologies with compelling user experience to simplify and enhance life for companies and people worldwide. The company provides SIGN.PLUS (a l
egally binding electronic signature) and FAX.PLUS (online faxing) services to over 3,000,000 customers worldwide. At Alohi, we began our journey with 
an initial seed investment from Fongit “Fondation Genevoise pour l’Innovation Technologique” which is backed by the state of Geneva. But instead of re
lying on external funding to fuel our growth, we’ve chosen to bootstrap our way to success. This approach has allowed us to prioritize our customers a
nd build products that truly meet their needs, without being beholden to outside investors. By remaining financially independent, we’ve been able to m
aintain our autonomy and agility, which have been key factors in our ability to innovate and stay ahead of the curve. As a Machine Learning Engineer a
t Alohi, you will play a crucial role in developing and deploying machine learning models and algorithms for our applications that serve millions of u
sers worldwide. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, build, and optimize machine learning models. You w
ill work closely with software engineers, and product managers to understand requirements and translate them into efficient and scalable solutions. Ad
ditionally, you will be responsible for evaluating and selecting suitable machine-learning techniques and algorithms to solve complex business problem
s. Responsibilities Design and implement machine learning models and algorithms. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and un
derstand business needs. Collect, preprocess, and analyze large datasets to generate insights. Apply statistical techniques and data visualization to 
interpret model outputs. Optimize and fine-tune machine learning models for better performance. Develop and maintain documentation for machine learnin
g models and algorithms. Stay updated with the latest advancements in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Bachelor's degree in computer scie
nce, data science, or a related field. Strong programming skills in Python, including libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Proficient in SQL with 
the ability to write complex queries and interact with databases. Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, including supervised and unsuper
vised learning. Solid understanding of OCR, image processing. Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and data wrangling. Knowledge o
f statistical analysis and hypothesis testing. Excellent problem-solving skills, and a "getting things done" mindset. Strong communication and teamwor
k abilities. Ability to work independently and meet project deadlines. Advanced degree in computer science or data science is a plus. Experience with 
big data processing frameworks, such as Spark or Hadoop, is a plus. Publications or contributions to the machine learning community is a plus. Profici
ency in data visualization tools like Matplotlib or Tableau is a plus. KontaktAlohi SA(0)11 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Applied Researcher Innovative Building Analytics 80-100% Siemens Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:80 – 10
0%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zug     We make real what matters  Siemens makes buildings and cities smarter and suppl
ies people with environmentally-friendly energy. We work hand in hand with artificial intelligence and move people from A to B safely. New challenges 
present themselves every day - and hereby the chance to face them. Join our team of about 303 000 colleagues around the globe and help us creating env
ironments that care. Would you like to help us build a better future? As part of our research and development team or as an engineer, you have the pow
er to innovate! Whether it's the development of an industrial metaverse and the virtual implementation of a 100% emission and barrier-free city, or th
e next breakthrough in renewable energies and more sustainable products - the future is in your hands. We value and respect you for the person you are
 and the skills you offer. As a member of our #TeamSiemens Switzerland, you make your own individual contribution to shaping our corporate culture. Be
st to find out about us for yourself and see what it's like to work with us.  Your new responsibilities   Evaluate, develop, and pilot novel and innov
ative technologies and methods in the Pre-Development department of Siemens Infrastructure Building Products Join the Analytics and Innovative Control
 Applications team to work on analytics solutions related to building automation applications such as heating, ventilation and air conditioning contro
l Generate ideas and methods aimed at creating customer value from building data Tackle challenges such as robustness of methods, ease of engineering,
 and scalability to large customer groups Implement methods for smart maintenance and operation of buildings in pilot projects using both simulated an
d real-world data Design, develop and evaluate different methods for fault detection and diagnostics for buildings Collaborate with a multidisciplinar
y team to ensure the successful implementation and evaluation of developed methods Contribute to the advancement of building automation technologies b
y staying updated on industry trends and emerging technologies Document and communicate findings, methodologies, and results effectively within the te
am and to relevant collaborators   Your skills and experience   A Master's degree in computer science or engineering Strong interest in the building a
utomation domain: analytics, optimization, modeling and control Proven knowledge of mathematical methods for analytics and optimization Experience wit
h the programming languages Python and Matlab/Simulink, possibly also Go, C++ and cloud computing technologies Proactive, motivated and committed pers
on that likes to cooperate with other teams in a global setup and is willing to keep up with and use the latest level of technology Knowledge in seman
tic web technologies like web of things are considered as a plus Written and spoken English on a proficient level, sound German skills are beneficial 
  Who and where we are  Find out why Siemens is chosen every year as one of the most popular employers in Switzerland, and get a first impression of a
 new working environment and the people who could be your new work colleagues.   Video Siemens in Zug      www.siemens.ch/employer     Your Applicatio
n  We take your privacy seriously and therefore maintain a high standard of data protection. For this reason, we can only accept your application via 
our application platform ("APPLY" button). Answers to the most frequently asked questions and a contact form can be found on our FAQ page. We look for
ward to receiving your application. Information for recruitment agencies: Siemens does not accept recruitment agency applications for this position. T
hank you for your understanding.    KontaktSiemens Schweiz AG(14)174 Jobshttps://www.siemens.ch/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Projektleiter AI und Big Data Projekte (w/m/d), (80-100%)akustikmodular AG (Ecophon)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernProjektleiter AI und Big Data Projekte (w/m/d), (80-100%)     Why do we need you ?    Als Projektleiter für AI-Projekte
 in den Bereichen Künstliche Intelligenz (AI) und Big Data spielen Sie eine entscheidende Rolle bei der Leitung und Umsetzung von Schlüsselprojekten i
n unserem Unternehmen. Ihre Hauptaufgaben umfassen die Planung, Steuerung und Überwachung von Projekten im Bereich AI, Big Data und EAI von der Konzep
tionsphase über die Implementierung bis zur operativen Nutzung. Sie sind verantwortlich für die Einhaltung von Zeitplänen und Budgets und stellen die 
Qualitätsstandards sicher. Dazu entwickeln Sie eine klare Projektstrategie im Einklang mit den übergeordneten Unternehmenszielen und setzen diese auch
 um. Sie arbeiten eng mit Fachbereichen, Fachhochschulen, Industriepartnern sowie internen AI-Spezialisten der Unternehmensgruppe zusammen und gewährl
eisten so eine nahtlose Integration der Projekte. Sie verstehen die neuesten Entwicklungen und Trends in den Bereichen AI, Big Data und EAI und haben 
Erfahrung in der Umsetzung von Projekten unter Nutzung von AI und Big Data. Sie berichten regelmässig an das Top-Management über Fortschritt, Herausfo
rderungen und Erfolge der Projekte und kommunizieren mit Stakeholdern auf allen Ebenen, um ein gemeinsames Verständnis und Engagement sicherzustellen.
 Sie identifizieren und pflegen Schlüsselbeziehungen zu internen und externen Stakeholdern, einschliesslich Führungsebene, Fachbereichen und Technolog
iepartnern. Sie führen Return-on-Investment (ROI)-Analysen durch, um den wirtschaftlichen Nutzen der implementierten Technologien zu quantifizieren un
d Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) zu definieren und führen die Erfolgsmessung der Projekte im Hinblick auf die definierten Geschäftsziele durch.    
Is this job for you ?     Sie verfügen über ein abgeschlossenes Studium der Informatik, Wirtschaftinformatik oder eine vergelichbare Qualifikation mit
 mindestens fünf Jahren Erfahrung im Projektmanagement und besitzen nachweisliche Erfahrung in der Leitung von komplexen IT-Projekten, vorzugsweise im
 Bereich AI, Big Data oder EAI. Sie verfügen über fundierte Kenntnisse in den Bereichen AI, Big Data und EAI sowie Erfahrung mit relevanten Technologi
en und Frameworks oder dem Einsatz von AI in SalesForce und SAP. Sie zeichenen sich durch starke Führungsfähigkeiten mit nachweislicher Erfahrung in d
er Motivation und Entwicklung von Teams aus, aber auch in indirekter Führung über Organisationsgrenzen hinweg. Sie besitzen ausgezeichnete Kommunikati
onsfähigkeiten auf allen Ebenen in Deutsch (Französisch und/oder Englisch erwünscht). Überzeugendes Präsentationsgeschick sowie die Fähigkeit zur anal
ytischen Problemlösung und strategischen Planung runden Ihr Profil ab. Sie identifizieren potenzielle Implementierungspartner und akademische Institut
ionen, um Partnerschaften zu etablieren, die die AI-Initiativen des Unternehmens unterstützen.     Steps to join us    Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbu
ng.Sanitas Troesch AG, Herr Hans-Peter Birneder, Leiter Organisation und Informatik, Bahnhöheweg 82, 3018 Bern, Telefon 031 998 82 31, E-Mail schreibe
n  Mit Ihrer Bewerbung verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten für rekrutierungsbezogene Zwecke. Mehr Informationen auf www.sanitastroesch.ch/de/AGBs/Datenschutzer
klaerung       A little more about us    Sanitas Troesch AG ist führend in Bad und Küche in der Schweiz und beschäftigt rund 1’070 Mitarbeitende. Um d
iese Spitzenposition zu halten, suchen wir in jedem Bereich die besten Fachleute. Und wir legen grossen Wert auf Förderung und Weiterbildung auf allen
 Stufen. Wovon nicht nur unsere Kunden profitieren, sondern auch Sie als Mitarbeiterin oder Mitarbeiter.    To make sure nothing is forgotten    Diese
 Position bietet die Möglichkeit, massgeblich zur Weiterentwicklung unserer IT-Strategie beizutragen und innovative Technologien in unserer Organisati
on zu implementieren. Wenn Sie die genannten Anforderungen erfüllen und eine spannende Herausforderung suchen, freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbung. Bewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationAls Experte für Technologiestrategie und -Transforma
tion bei EY wirst du massgeblich dazu beitragen, die Zukunft unserer Kunden zu gestalten, ihre Betriebsmodelle und Anwendungsumgebungen zu transformie
ren und zu optimieren, um in einer sich wandelnden digitalen Welt erfolgreich zu sein. Deine Beiträge werden entscheidend sein, um robuste Technologie
- und digitale Transformationen zu ermöglichen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Kunden mit modernen Lösungen und nachhaltigen Strategien 'fit für die 
Zukunft' sind. Schliesse dich uns an, um einen Unterschied zu machen, während wir Industriestandards neu definieren und unsere Kunden in eine visionär
e Zukunft führen.   Deine Hauptaufgaben   Expertise in aufkommenden Technologietrends wie Cloud Computing, Datenanalyse, Machine Learning und Künstlic
he Intelligenz; Bewertung deren Einflüsse auf die Marktdynamik, Kundenbetrieb und potenzielle Geschäftsmodelle. Unterstützung von technologiezentriert
en Geschäftstransformationen mit agilen und traditionellen Projektmanagement Ansätzen. Leitung und Unterstützung von technologiegetriebenen Initiative
n durch Koordination der Ressourcen- und Aktivitätenplanung und der Erstellung von Lieferobjekten. Steuerung von (IT-)Kostenreduzierungsprogrammen dur
ch die Identifizierung von Effizienzsteigerungsbereichen und die Optimierung von Ausgaben. Durchführung und Unterstützung von Assessments, Design- und
 IT-Implementierungsprojekten. Effektive Kommunikation und Präsentation von Arbeitsergebnissen/Leistungen/Erfolgen gegenüber Stakeholdern, Kunden und 
dem höheren Management. Engagement und Beitrag zu dynamischen, multidisziplinären Teamumgebungen durch aktive Zusammenarbeit.     Deine Kompetenzen   
Mindestens 8-10 Jahre Erfahrung im Finanzdienstleistungssektor und in der Management Beratung mit Schwerpunkt auf technologie-/digitale Transformation
. Eine Leidenschaft für Informationstechnologien, digitale Innovation, Unternehmenstransformation und Finanzdienstleistungen. Ein Abschluss in Wirtsch
aftsinformatik, Informationstechnologie, oder Betriebswirtschaft mit starker Technologieaffinität (oder gleichwertig). Nachgewiesene Problemlösungs- u
nd analytische Denkfähigkeit und Anpassungsfähigkeit. Umfangreiche Erfahrung in der Identifizierung von Geschäftsproblemen sowie die Fähigkeit, Lösung
sansätze, Optionen und Designs zu definieren. Grundlagen/Erfahrung in der Programmierung sind von Vorteil. Ausgeprägte Problemlösungsfähigkeit und gut
es Business Judgment. Starke schriftliche und mündliche Kommunikationsfähigkeit auf Deutsch und auf Englisch mit der Fähigkeit, effektiv auf allen Man
agementebenen und mit Partnern aus einer Vielzahl von Geschäftsfunktionen zu kommunizieren.     Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit
, in einem vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeitenden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusamm
enarbeiten, von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönl
iche Entwicklung und Weiterbildung unserer Mitarbeitenden.  Hier erfährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility.   H
aben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeugnis
sen und Diplomen. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an unser Recruiting Team wenden (E-Mail schreiben / +41 58 286 33 66).    The excepti
onal EY experience. It’s yours to build.     EY | Building a better working world  EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-t
erm value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countri
es provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transact
ions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://
www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseAuticon Swiss AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Data Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseÜber auticon Swiss AG Wir von auticon haben ein einzigartiges Diversity-
Modell zur Zusammenarbeit von Autist:innen mit den IT-Projektteams unserer Kunden entwickelt: all unseren IT-Spezialist:innen steht ein:e Jobcoach zur
 Seite und unterstützt – sofern gewünscht – in der individuellen Gestaltung des Arbeitsplatzes sowie in Fragen der Kommunikation und sozialen Interakt
ion. Darüber hinaus finden unsere Kolleg:innen in unseren Projektmanagern kompetente Ansprechpersonen für projektbezogene Fragen und fachliche Weitere
ntwicklung. Was wir bieten  Autismus-freundliche Arbeitskultur sowie ein wertschätzendes und authentisches Umfeld mit flachen Hierarchien Festanstellu
ng in Voll- oder Teilzeit; flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle Möglichkeit zur Remote-Arbeit und in unserem Office in Gehdistanz zum HB Zürich IT-Projekte bei
 renommierten Kunden in vielfältigen Branchen (Banken, Versicherungen, IT-Dienstleister, Industrie etc. …) Individuelle fachliche und persönliche Weit
erentwicklung Angebot zur freiwilligen Teilnahme an Freizeitanlässen Angebot eines freiwilligen Wohncoachings durch die Kooperation mit einer NGO  Dei
n Profil Du verfügst über eine Autismus-Diagnose oder bist in Abklärung dazu Die Qualität deiner Arbeit hat für dich eine hohe Priorität Du besitzt se
hr gute Deutschkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift und gute Englischkenntnisse für den Berufsalltag Du besitzt fünf oder mehr Jahre Arbeitserfahrung in ein
em IT-Umfeld und / oder verfügst über einen passenden Abschluss einer Ausbildung oder Studiums (MINT) Deine inhaltlichen Schwerpunkte  Du kennst dich 
mit den Aspekten von Data Science und Smart Analytics aus. Die Aufgaben Datenintegration, -bereinigung, -analyse und -visualisierung sind dir aus der 
Praxis bekannt. Du kennst dich mit den Programmiersprachen, Konzepten und Methoden im Bereich des Themas Data Science aus und hast diese praktisch ang
ewendet. Umsetzung von modernen Softwareentwicklungsmethoden, bspw. SCRUM, UML, Kanban, Prototyping, etc. in agilen Projekten Du hast Erfahrung mit kü
nstlicher Intelligenz und kennst die üblichen Algorithmen-Verfahren die im Kontext von KI eingesetzt werden. Du hast Erfahrung im Bereich der Verarbei
tung von natürlicher Sprache (NLP) Du hast schon in grösseren Teams oder Projekten gearbeitet und hast unter Umständen schon Teams geleitet oder Junio
r-Mitarbeiter betreut.  Deine Tätigkeiten bei uns Du übernimmst Aufgaben in Kundenprojekten entsprechend deiner fachlichen Kenntnisse in enger Zusamme
narbeit mit dem Kundenteam, unseren Projektmanagern und Teamleitern. Zu deinen Aufgaben gehören:  Daten-Beschaffung, -Bereinigung, -Analyse und Auswer
tung mit modernen Methoden Designen von ganzen Data-Pipelines und Data-Architekturen Evaluation von Algorithmen und Visualisierungsoptionen  Das Auswa
hl- und Einstellungsverfahren Den genauen Ablauf des Bewerbungsverfahrens findest du hier: https://auticon.com/ch/karriere/KontaktAuticon Swiss AG(0)3
 Jobshttps://auticon.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d)ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInformationss
pezialist:in (m/w/d)Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d) 60%, Zürich, unbefristet Die ETH-Bibliothek fördert Wissen, unterstützt Forschung und Lehre und 
macht als vertrauenswürdige Institution die Welt von gestern, heute und morgen für Sie besser begreifbar. Für die Gruppe Bibliotheken Zentrum suchen w
ir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine:n Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d) Stellenbeschreibung Als Informationsspezialit:in unterstützen Sie aktiv 
die Bibliotheken im Zentrum, Grüne Bibliothek, GESS-Bibliothek sowie das Team Information der ETH-Bibliothek im Hauptgebäude, bei allen Aufgaben rund 
um Informationsvermittlung und Kundenservices sowie bei operativen Tätigkeiten. Im Wesentlichen sind dies:  Unterstützung und Informationsversorgung d
er interessierten Öffentlichkeit sowie aller Angehörigen der ETH Zürich insbesondere der Departemente Umweltsystemwissenschaften und Geistes- Sozial- 
und Staatswissenschaften Umfassende und kompetente Beratung in allen Belangen der Bibliotheksbenutzung (Einschreibung, Benutzerkonto) und der Fachinfo
rmation einschliesslich Literatursuche und Rechercheunterstützung Mitarbeit bei den laufenden bibliotheksinternen Aufgaben, die einen reibungslosen Ab
lauf des Tagesbetriebes garantieren Selbständige Durchführung von Beratungen und Kursen auf Deutsch und Englisch in mindestens zwei der folgenden Them
enfelder: Recherchieren, Systematic Review, Lesen, Literaturverwaltung, Nutzung des digitalen Semesterapparates (Leganto), Plagiatsprävention oder wis
senschaftliches Schreiben Mitarbeit an der Weiterentwicklung unseres Kurs- und Beratungsangebotes auch vor dem Hintergrund der Einsatzmöglichkeiten vo
n künstlicher Intelligenz und Motivation, sich in den genannten Themenfeldern ständig weiterzubilden  Ihr Profil Sie sind eine Allrounder:in und haben
 Freude an der Arbeit an den kombinierten Ausleih- und Informationsschaltern, bei der Mitarbeit in Projekten und beim Entwickeln neuer Formate zur Ver
mittlung von Informationskompetenz einschl. des Themas Künstliche Intelligenz. Sie mögen es selbstständig zu Arbeiten und ergreifen Initiative für The
men, die Ihnen wichtig sind. Darüber hinaus erwarten wir:  Hoch- oder Fachhochschulabschluss in Informationswissenschaften oder ähnliche Ausbildung Ho
he IT-Affinität, Freude an neuen Themen wie z.B. Einbezug von KI in der Informationsvermittlung, Nutzung von Plagiatsprüfungssoftware, Einsatz eines d
igitalen Semesterapparates und Learning Management Systeme Kenntnisse von Alma und Swisscovery sind von Vorteil Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntni
sse Überzeugende Kommunikationsfähigkeit und Auftrittskompetenz, idealerweise mit Affinität zu Didaktik und Erwachsenenbildung oder die Bereitschaft, 
sich in diesem Bereich weiterzubilden  Ihr Arbeitsort Ihr Arbeitsort Wir bieten  Eine vielfältige Tätigkeit mit der Möglichkeit, zukunftsweisende Ange
bote für die ETH-Bibliothek zu gestalten in den Schwerpunktthemen rund um die Informationskompetenz Mitarbeit in verschiedenen Teams, die in engem Aus
tausch sind und gemeinsam Themen und Projekte erarbeiten Kulturelle Vielfalt sowie attraktive Angebote und Vergünstigungen Familienfreundliche Arbeits
bedingungen und eine aktive Förderung der Aus- und Weiterbildung  Diversität ist uns wichtig Neugierig? Sind wir auch. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Online-
Bewerbung mit  Motivationsschreiben Lebenslauf Diplomen und Arbeitszeugnissen  Bitte bewerben Sie sich ausschliesslich über das Online-Bewerbungsporta
l. Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie auf dem Postweg werden nicht berücksichtigt. Weitere Informationen über die ETH-Bibliothek finden Sie auf unserer Webs
eite. Für weitere Auskünfte wenden Sie sich bitte an Ursula Müller, Leitung Bibliothek Zentrum: E-Mail schreiben. Für Personalvermittlungen gelten die
 AGB der ETH Zürich. Über die ETH Zürich Neugierig? Sind wir auch. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Online-Bewerbung mit  Motivationsschreiben Lebenslauf Diplo
men und Arbeitszeugnissen  Bitte bewerben Sie sich ausschliesslich über das Online-Bewerbungsportal. Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie auf dem Postweg werd
en nicht berücksichtigt. Weitere Informationen über die ETH-Bibliothek finden Sie auf unserer Webseite. Für weitere Auskünfte wenden Sie sich bitte an
 Ursula Müller, Leitung Bibliothek Zentrum: E-Mail schreiben. Für Personalvermittlungen gelten die AGB der ETH Zürich.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps
://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant / Manager - EPM Finance Analytics, SAP Technology Consulting Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:25 März 2024
Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Switzerland   Join our SAP Consulting team and help our c
lients successfully manage global challenges  Our Deloitte SAP consultants evaluate, develop and implement SAP systems for business clients. They dete
rmine clients' business needs, create customized SAP solutions, and smoothly integrate SAP applications with existing IT infrastructure.    How you ca
n make an impact    You will work on business focussed transformation programmes, supported by process design, people solutions and technology  You wi
ll focus on realising operational improvements and efficiencies across business operations  Together with our SAP Consulting team you will partner wit
h the most renowned technology providers globally and combine their tools with our proven expertise to offer the best solutions to our clients You wil
l work on the design and implementation of the newest SAP EPM solutions for financial planning, reporting, and consolidation, enabled by SAP and S/4HA
NA You will analyse our clients' business finance and controlling processes and will evaluate the best use of analytics as well as work on the definit
ion of KPIs      Who we are looking for    You have a University degree in IT, Business, Engineering, or a similar field, and you have at least 2 year
s of experience in process consulting, and the design and implementation of SAP EPM solutions You have a good knowledge of EPM processes, e.g. enterpr
ise reporting, financial planning/budgeting/forecasting and consolidation enabled by SAP   You have a strong functional and technical knowledge of EPM
 processes with one or more of the following SAP solutions: Business Intelligence (BI) / BW/4HANA, SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC), SAP Datasphere You have 
strong communication and analytical skills You are fluent in English and German, and are happy to travel within Switzerland and abroad      Your team 
 Our Deloitte SAP team can help transform your organization and take it to new levels of performance with a suite of solutions centred on the leading-
edge SAP S/4 HANA platform. We work with you to plan and implement a full suite of solutions in areas such as enterprise transformation, finance, and 
supply chain, incorporating advanced technology applications such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, and IoT.    Careers at Deloitte. Choose your
 impact.  At Deloitte, your ideas create impact and spark meaningful change for our clients, people and society. Your unique expertise, background and
 perspective helps us find new ways into the most complex challenges so we can brighten the futures of those our work affects. At Deloitte, you can bu
ild a career that inspires and energises you. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Switzerland, we provide industry-specific services in the 
areas of Audit & Assurance, Consulting, Financial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With more than 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve c
ompanies and organisations of all sizes in all industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challenging work, an inclusive and supportive environment whe
re you can be your best self and where you will never stop growing. You will benefit from flexible and hybrid working conditions, wellbeing and parent
al programmes as well as many opportunities to connect, collaborate and learn.     Join us and become part of a global network of like-minded people d
edicated to making a difference, whether by  addressing climate change   or improving 100 million futures by 2030. Want to know more about opportuniti
es at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/careers  .      How to apply   We look forward to hearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a
 complete application, including CV, cover letter, references and degree certificates.    If you have any questions, please contact Stefanie at Write 
an email     *We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender
 identity, national origin, age or disability, in accordance with applicable law. Research shows that women are less likely to apply for roles unless 
they match all the criteria; don’t hold yourself back – apply today.    We do not accept applications from recruitment agencies for this position.  De
loitte AG and Deloitte Consulting AG are Swiss subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, the DTTL member firm in the United Kingdom.    KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 J
obshttps://www.deloitte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Medizinbereich Kinder und JugendlicheAbteilung Neuropä
diatrie, Entwicklung & Rehabilitation Ihre Herausforderung  Die sensorisch-afferente Elektrostimulation ist eine neuere Therapieform, die in der Rehab
ilitationsmedizin eingesetzt wird. Bei Erwachsenen mit einer Hemiparese ist die Therapiemethode vielversprechend. Bei Kindern mit einer Hemiparese gib
t es bisher nur wenige wissenschaftliche Arbeiten, welche die Wirksamkeit der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation untersucht haben, diese zeigen 
jedoch vielversprechende Ergebnisse. Um die Wirksamkeit und einen möglichen Therapieerfolg besser verstehen bzw. vorhersagen zu können, werden wir im 
Rahmen der SENSE UP Studie die Wirksamkeit einer sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulationsbehandlung auf die bimanuelle Handfunktion bei Kindern und J
ugendlichen mit einer Hemiparese untersuchen. Zur Messung der Wirksamkeit der Therapie werden neuartige Verfahren wie die kinematische Evaluation zur 
Herleitung von Digitalen Biomarker eingesetzt, welche am Neurotec Center (https://www.neuro-tec.ch/ www.sitem-insel.ch) und am ARTORG Center for Biome
dical Engineering entwickelt und evaluiert werden. Die Wirkmechanismen der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation werden mit Hilfe von neurophysiolo
gischen Verfahren wie der funktionellen Magnetresonanztomographie (fMRI) und der transkraniellen Magnetstimulation (TMS) näher erforscht. Als PhD Stud
ent:in werden Sie federführend in die Programmierung und Evaluation der kinematischen Untersuchung eingebunden, welche mit neuartigen sensorischen Mes
sverfahren mit der DeepLabCut Software erfasst wird. Im Weiteren werden Sie aktiv bei der Durchführung und Evaluation der neurophysiologischen Untersu
chungen (fMRI und TMS) eingebunden sein. Sie werden bei der Auswertung der Daten federführend mitwirken (Auswerten der Untersuchungen, statistische An
alysen, Verfassen von Publikationen). Die SENSE UP Studie wird als Kooperationsprojekt der Universitätskliniken für Kinderheilkunde, des Instituts für
 Neurochirugie des Inselspitales Bern, dem Institut für Diagnostische und Interventionellen Neuroradiologie des Inselspitales Bern sowie des NeuroTec 
Teams und des ARTORG Centers durchgeführt.  PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung    Ihr Profil Wir suchen engagierte Studen
t:innen mit Interesse an Digitalen Biomarkern, AI und Machine Learning, sowie klinischen Neurowissenschaften. Sie verfügen über einen universitären Ab
schluss in Data Science, Biomedical Engineering, Informatik, Gesundheitswissenschaften oder ähnliches und haben ein aussergewöhnliches Interesse an ei
ner Weiterentwicklung Ihrer Kenntnisse im Bereich der motorischen Neurorehabilitation und der kinematischen und neurophysiologischen Untersuchungsmeth
oden. Sie haben ein technisches Flair und idealerweise Vorkenntnisse im Bereich MR-Analysen, Programmieren und Statistik sowie Freude am selbstständig
en Arbeiten, am Umgang mit Kinder und Jugendlichen und ihren Eltern und am Studienmanagement. Sie können gut organisieren und planen, sind geschickt i
n der Kommunikation, kooperativ und verfügen über eine hohe Lernbereitschaft. Sie haben sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch sowie ideal
erweise Französisch.   Das erwartet Sie Wir bieten ein stimulierendes Arbeitsumfeld mit regem interdisziplinären Austausch unter FachexpertInnen aus d
en Bereichen Neuropsychologie, Neuropädiatrie, Bewegungswissenschaft, Neuroradiologie und AI sowie Machine Learning. Im Medizinbereich Kinder- und Jug
endliche haben Sie die Möglichkeit an den internen Seminaren, Weiterbildungen und Journal Clubs teil zu nehmen. Als PhD Student:in werden Sie der Grad
uate School of Health integriert werden. Die Entlohnung erfolgt nach den Richtlinien für Doktoratslöhne des Schweizerischen Nationalfonds.   Bewerbung
 und Kontakt Weitere Auskünfte erteilt Ihnen gerne Prof. Dr. Tobias Nef, E-Mail schreiben, +41 31 684 14 23.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://w
ww.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Applikationsmanager/-in Power Platform 80 - 100%Kanton ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:ZürichApplikationsmanager/-in Power Platform 80 - 100%Applikationsmanager/-in Power Platform 80 - 100% Das Amt für Informatik (AFI) ist das Inform
atik-Kompetenzzentrum des Kantons Zürich. Es erbringt umfassende Dienstleistungen im Bereich der zentralen Informatikinfrastruktur und kantonsweiter A
pplikationen für die Direktionen, Behörden, Rechtspflege und selbständige Anstalten. Beauftragt mit der Umsetzung der neuen Strategie Informations- un
d Kommunikationstechnologie (IKT) begleitet das Amt den Kanton in die digitale Welt. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams New Business Services suchen wir di
ch als Applikationsmanager/in Power Platform. Im Team New Business Services steht die Digitalisierung des Kantons Zürich an erster Stelle. Wir beschäf
tigen uns mit Themen wie Power Platform, künstliche Intelligenz, Voice- und Chatbot und vielen weiteren spannenden Innovationen. Zur Verstärkung unser
es Teams New Business Services suchen wir dich als Applikationsmanager/in Power Platform. Im Team New Business Services steht die Digitalisierung des 
Kantons Zürich an erster Stelle. Wir beschäftigen uns mit Themen wie Power Platform, künstliche Intelligenz, Voice- und Chatbot und vielen weiteren sp
annenden Innovationen. Was du bei uns bewirkst  Auf- und Weiterausbau einer Applikationslandschaft auf der Microsoft Power Platform in einem wachsende
n Team Beratung von Kunden, Projektleitung, Konzeption, Realisierung und Entwicklung von Kundenprojekten Erarbeitung von Vorgaben und Entwicklungsrich
tlinien für den Themenbereich Power Platform Koordination der Citizen Developers und der Lieferanten  Was du mitbringst  Abgeschlossene Ausbildung in 
Wirtschaftsinformatik oder vergleichbar Mehrjährige Erfahrung in einer ähnlichen Funktion - Fundierte Projekterfahrung Umfassende Entwicklungserfahrun
g im Bereich Power Apps Sehr gute Entwicklerkenntnisse (LowCode / PowerFX, HTML, JavaScript, JSON) Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM-Kenntnisse sind kein Mus
s, jedoch von Vorteil Ausgeprägte Kommunikationsfähigkeiten, rasche Auffassungsgabe sowie Teamfähigkeit Engagierte, kreative und belastbare Persönlich
keit, mit der Bereitschaft, Neues dazuzulernen  Was wir bieten In unserem jungen, motivierten und dynamischen Umfeld erhältst du die Möglichkeit die D
igitalisierung des Kantons Zürich voranzutreiben. Der Kanton Zürich ist ein attraktiver und sicherer Arbeitgeber, der neben kostenlosem Kaffee und fri
schem Obst zahlreiche interne und externe Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten anbietet. Bei uns kannst du dich aktiv einbringen und erhältst die Möglichkeit d
ie Zukunft des AFIs und somit des Kantons Zürich mitzugestalten. Fühlst du dich angesprochen? Dann freuen wir uns auf deine vollständige und aussagekr
äftige Online-Bewerbung. Bitte benutze dafür das Online-Tool. Fragen zur Stelle beantwortet Ihnen gerne Marc Zeugin (Leiter New Business Services) Tel
. 043 259 48 84. Diese Stelle besetzten wir ohne externe Personaldienstleister. Dein neues Umfeld: www.zh.ch/AFI Der Kanton Zürich ist ein attraktiver
 und sicherer Arbeitgeber, der neben kostenlosem Kaffee und frischem Obst zahlreiche interne und externe Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten anbietet. Bei uns
 kannst du dich aktiv einbringen und erhältst die Möglichkeit die Zukunft des AFIs und somit des Kantons Zürich mitzugestalten. Fühlst du dich angespr
ochen? Dann freuen wir uns auf deine vollständige und aussagekräftige Online-Bewerbung. Bitte benutze dafür das Online-Tool. Fragen zur Stelle beantwo
rtet Ihnen gerne Marc Zeugin (Leiter New Business Services) Tel. 043 259 48 84. Diese Stelle besetzten wir ohne externe Personaldienstleister. Dein ne
ues Umfeld: www.zh.ch/AFIKontaktKantonale Verwaltung Zürich(6)265 Jobshttps://www.zh.ch/de/arbeiten-beim-kanton.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melde
n


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Neuenb
urgCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, ot
her cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review 
your options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigati
on, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Artificial Intelligence AI Alliance Program Lead for Europe IBM Res
earch Europe – Zurich is one of IBM’s 12 global research labs. Our mission comprises cutting-edge research for tomorrow’s information technology and i
nventing what’s next in computing. Our activities include applied research in the areas of Hybrid Cloud, AI, Security, and Quantum computing as well a
s fundamental science research. We cultivate close relationships with academic and industrial partners and are part of the local and global scientific
 community to help drive Europe’s innovation agenda. The AI Alliance is a global community of technology creators, developers and adopters collaborati
ng to advance safe, responsible AI rooted in open innovation. People in IBM’s AI Alliance team collaborate across IBM and with representatives from 85
 (and growing) member organizations to advance these goals. We are seeking an outstanding and passionate AI Alliance Program Lead for Europe to join o
ur team. You will bring your background in AI technology, ecosystem building, advocacy, leadership and communication skills, and enthusiasm to the hig
hly motivated AI Alliance team, focusing on our European members, projects, ecosystem and advocacy. The goals are to build, grow and enable a communit
y around open innovation and open science, enable the safe and trusted application of AI, spread knowledge about all aspects of AI and how to use it s
afely and responsibly to the technical community, business and societal leaders, policymakers, and the public. You will collaborate with all working g
roups in the AI Alliance across our different focus areas. You will work closely with AI Alliance leadership and IBM Europe leadership to represent th
e AI Alliance in Europe. Applicants should have strong, prior experience with AI technology, policy, applications and ethics and the ability to lead a
nd to collaborate effectively with a diverse group people and organizations in a rapidly evolving AI ecosystem. Your responsibilities will include:  L
ead’s IBM’s involvement in the AI Alliance in Europe. Assist with engaging, onboarding, enabling members to contribute across the AI Alliance project 
portfolio. Contribute directly to the goals of working groups, in particular in areas of advocacy, education, and safe trusted application development
. Inform and advocate for the unique perspectives, opportunities, challenges and requirements of the European ecosystem in the global AI Alliance. Pro
pose, plan, execute and manage European-specific projects, programs, events and initiatives (or the European components of global projects, etc.). Dis
cover and catalyze engagement by key individuals in the community who can contribute to the AI Alliance mission.  The requirements for this role area 
are as follows:  BS/BA degree in a technical field, or equivalent experience. Experience in at least one of the six focus areas of the AI Alliance. De
monstrated ability to self-organize, prioritize, and multi-task in a fast paced, changing, and agile development environment to meet deadlines. Effect
ive written, verbal, presentation, and interpersonal skills.  The following qualifications are desired:  PhD in an AI-related discipline. Experience i
n AI technology, policy, ethics, or governance. Publications in relevant AI, scientific or related fields. Proficiency in at least 1 other European la
nguage beyond English.  How to apply If you are excited to be a part of IBM Research's mission to shape the future of technology, please submit your C
V and motivation reasons. Apply through the link below. Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multi
cultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development 
and their personal lives.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Paid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Procter & Gamble Europe SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:Petit-LancyPaid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Email this job to Success! Failure! Get notified for similar jobs Success
! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs Failure! Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests. Profile recommendations Similar Jobs    
 Data Science for Supply Chain Internship Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000090389 Job Ty
pe Full time Internships Job LocationBrusselsJob DescriptionDo you have passion for technology and desire to learn and grow continuously? Do you want 
to belong to one of the most advanced Data Science & Analytics group in the     Data Scientist Operations Research for Supply Chain Location Brussels,
 Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000099601 Job Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Location. Brussels
. Job Description. Data Scientists at P&G are not only technical experts but also passionate business leaders driving change and innovation. They play
 a pivotal role in creating a...     IT Internship or Bachelor/Master Thesis (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Informatio
n Technology Job Id R000092088 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionDo you have an analytical attitude and a 
passion for technology? Are you interested in being part of our Information Technology team near Frankfurt am Ma     AI innovation specialist internsh
ip Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000101441 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationBr
usselsJob DescriptionDo you have a passion for technology and a desire to learn and grow continuously? Then this opportunity as IT intern at Procter &
 Gamble is the one you have been loo     Marketing Technologist intern Location Paris, Paris, France Category Information Technology Job Id R000099167
 Job Type Full time Internships This includes making strategic choices regarding data, technology, and architecture to effectively integrate, activate
/execute, and enrich the system to meet business needs. Utilizing strong business...     WORKING STUDENT IT (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Jo
b Id R000092090 Job Type Part time Internships Job LocationKronbergJob DescriptionOur Working Student program is a great opportunity to gain practical
 knowledge alongside your studies, and P&G offers this!In a working student engagement with P&G,     ReLaunch IT Career Program – Information Technolo
gy Manager (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Job Id R000092086 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob 
DescriptionDo you want to be part of one of the most sophisticated global IT organizations in the world, transforming the way business is done through
 technology an     SAP Platform Operations Engineer (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R0000
87261 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionYOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER From its foundation 185 years a
go as a soap and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconi     IT Manager – IT Product Manager / IT Enginee
ring / Data Analytics (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R000092087 Job Type Full time Recen
t Grads/Entry Level Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionAre you passionate about an exciting career in Information Technology? Are you read
y to sustainably shape the technology used in the industry? If you rel Jobseekers Also Viewed     Apprentissage d'employé(e) de commerce - Switzerland
 (m/f/x) Location Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Multi-Functional     Paid Internship – Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x) Loca
tion Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Brand Management/Marketing     Analytics & Insights Internship (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, H
esse, Germany Category Brand Management/Marketing     Morocco Homecoming Summer Internship - IT Project Manager Location Casablanca, Casablanca, Moroc
co Category Information Technology     Site Digital Technology Leader Location Seoul, Seoul, Korea, Republic of Category Information TechnologyBewerbe
nJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud and Foundry specialist – Risk Technology Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Switzerland    Step into the Worldof Consulting between Technology and Risk    In our Risk Advisorybusiness, 
we support our clients in identifying and anticipating potentialrisks in all areas of their business. We consider financial, technological andbusiness
-relevant risks to ensure the long-term success of the company.   While working in theStrategic & Operational Risk area, you will support our clients 
in thestrategic development, optimization and implementation of IT security andsecurity technologies. In addition, you will advise organizations on ho
w toeffectively mitigate financial and non-financial risks and make informed andintelligent risk decisions based on data and analytics to maximizeoppo
rtunities   How you can make animpact:   You are actively drivingdigitalization forward by introducing new technologies, you will supportthe top manag
ement of international and national companies across allindustries in digitizing their business processes You create the connectionbetween business an
d technology by understanding the technicalrequirements of the customers and linking them with technologicalsolutions You take responsibility for clou
dand bid data solutions (e.g. Palantir Foundry, AWS, Azure) fromrequirements analysis to implementation in various business areas andcountries You ana
lyse processes andhelp to improve them by accompanying our customers in the strategicconception and technical implementation of compliance, risk and g
overnanceprocesses and help to mitigate external and internal risks You are part of a strongteam within a dynamic environment where you will continuou
sly developour topics in close cooperation with experienced experts       Who we are lookingfor:     Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Comp
uter Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience and knowledge in cloud solutions and hyperscalers such as Azu
re, AWS or Palantir Foundry as well as fundamentals of software and cloud architecture.  Experience with at least one of the main programming language
s for the implementation of Machine Learning solutions (e.g. Python, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, R, Java or Scala)  Experience with AI Governance
 processes and the inherent risks of artificial intelligence is required, . Familiarity with the AI regulations would be advantageous and you should b
e willing to take ownership and drive topics to help the team grow further. You are fluent in English, fluency in German would be advantageous      Yo
ur team   Become part of anentrepreneurial, innovative and international team of 100 risk professionalsacross Switzerland. We are passionate about bri
nging best in class risksolutions to our clients and helping our people grow both personally andprofessionally through trainings, mentoring programmes
 and on-the-job learning.     Careers at Deloitte.Choose your impact.  At Deloitte, yourideas create impact and spark meaningful change for our client
s, people andsociety. Your unique expertise, background and perspective helps us find newways into the most complex challenges so we can brighten the 
futures of thoseour work affects. At Deloitte, you can build a career that inspires andenergises you. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Sw
itzerland, weprovide industry-specific services in the areas of Audit & Assurance,Consulting, Financial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With 
morethan 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve companies and organisations ofall sizes in all industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challengi
ng work, aplace where you can be you and where you will never stop growing. You willbenefit from flexible working conditions as well as wellbeing and 
parentalprogrammes.    Join us and becomepart of a global network of like-minded people dedicated to making adifference, whether by  addressing climat
e change   or improving 100 million futuresby 2030. Want to know more about opportunities at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/careers  .    How to
 apply   We look forward tohearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a complete application,including CV, cover letter, references and d
egree certificates.  If you have anyquestions, please contact Rebecca at Write an email     *We consider allqualified applicants for employment regard
less of race, ethnicity, religiousbeliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age ordisability, in accordance with applicab
le law. Research shows that women areless likely to apply for roles unless they match all the criteria; don’t holdyourself back – apply today.    We d
o not acceptapplications from recruitment agencies for this position.  Deloitte AG andDeloitte Consulting AG are Swiss subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, t
he DTTL memberfirm in the United Kingdom.     Requisition code: 13138    KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 Jobshttps://www.deloitte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Lawyer / Banking & Finance, RegulatoryWalder Wyss AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Februar 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8034 Z
ürichLawyer / Banking & Finance, RegulatorySuche:Assistant(e) juridique 80% à 100%Avocat(e) fiscaliste ou expert(e) fiscal(e) diplômé(e)Sachbearbeiter
/in Finanz- und Rechnungswesen (80%-100%)Assistant(e) informatique senior (100%) à GenèveAvocat(e) Corporate et M&A, mid-level / senior, LausanneIT Su
pporter/-in (100%)Assistant(e) juridique à 100% - CDI ou CDD à LausanneRecruiting Coordinator (100%)Rechtsanwältin/Rechtsanwalt Gesellschaftsrecht (Me
rgers & Acquisitions / Venture Capital / Start-up) 80% bis 100%Anwaltsassistent/in (90%-100%) für unser IP TeamRechtsanwältin/Rechtsanwalt im Datensch
utz- und TechnologierechtLawyer / Banking & Finance, TransactionsLawyer / Banking & Finance, RegulatorySteuerberaterin/SteuerberaterRechtsanwältin/Rec
htsanwalt GesellschaftsrechtRechtsanwältin/Rechtsanwalt Gesellschaftsrecht, Start-up-BeratungRechtsanwältin/Rechtsanwalt Gesellschaftsrecht, Mergers &
 AcquisitionsMitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeiter im Bereich «Document Review» / «eDiscovery» (mind. 50% gemäss Absprache)Rechtsanwältin/Rechtsanwalt Fina
nzierungen und GesellschaftsrechtMehrwertsteuerexpertin/expertenAlumniSuche:Anwältinnen und AnwälteSubstituten- / VolontariatsstellenKurzpraktikaAssis
tenz und AdministrationLernende Offene Stellen Walder Wyss is a dynamic, performance-driven law firm with an outstanding collaborative culture where c
ommunication flows freely. Since our law firm was founded, we have embraced a corporate culture that is receptive to new ideas and welcoming to people
 with a strong sense of initiative. We foster integrated cooperation and offer our lawyers excellent opportunities to develop quickly, raise their pro
files and establish themselves in the market. Our culture is the basis of our success. Lawyer / Banking & Finance, Regulatory Our firm contributes to 
the success of the Swiss financial services industry. Our lawyers have a profound knowledge of and extensive experience in legal advisory work, accomp
anying transactions across the entire spectrum of financial services. Our understanding of all aspect of FinTech matters helps to drive efficiencies: 
Having worked closely with financial market infrastructures, banks and other financial service providers as well unregulated FinTech start-ups in rela
tion to e-money and payment services, cryptocurrency and blockchain projects, artificial intelligence, big data and cyber security, we have gained in-
debt experience and set new standards. To sustain our growth, Walder Wyss is currently looking for a Swiss qualified lawyer for its Banking & Finance 
practice with very good knowledge in German in Zurich. This practice consists of more than 30 specialist lawyers which form a dynamic and successful t
eam. The associate will specialize in financial market regulation, FinTech, and investigations. Whether you have just finished your legal education in
cluding bar exam or have already obtained working experience and/or an LL.M. degree and are excited to work on challenging assignment alongside your t
eam members, we would be delighted to receiving your application. We offer a dynamic work environment and the opportunity to be a part of a leading Sw
iss law firm. All paired with flexibility and a high weighing of personal and collegial interaction. We make a long-term commitment towards our lawyer
s. We offer a variety of interesting work and the opportunity to work with other departments and in an interdisciplinary way. We offer dedicated train
ing and run secondment programmes to allow our lawyers to work with other of our Swiss locations. Irène Suter-Sieber, our Hiring Partner, is looking f
orward to receiving your complete application (cover letter, resume, university and college transcripts, diplomas and work certificates) via e-mail. S
he or Thomas Müller who heads our Banking & Finance practice will be happy to provide further information. Direct applications are preferred. Kontakt 
Irène Suter-SieberTelefon direkt: +41 58 658 56 60E-Mail schreiben Kontakt Thomas MüllerTelefon direkt: +41 58 658 55 60E-Mail schreiben Walder Wyss A
GSeefeldstrasse 123Postfach8034 ZürichSchweiz Telefon: +41 58 658 58 58Fax: +41 58 658 59 59 E-Mail schreiben vCard  LinkedIn Profil KontaktWalder Wys
s AG(0)19 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager – Forensic Technology / Discovery & Data Management Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pensum:10
0%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Französisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Switzerland   Help our 
clients with Forensics investigations   Deloitte Forensic is one of the largest forensic advisory practices in Switzerland. We assist clients across a
 broad spectrum of industries by providing specialist advice relating to fraud, anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering and regulatory inve
stigations. Our work frequently involves highly sensitive engagements, which gain regulatory scrutiny and media attention.  We are currently expanding
 our forensic practice and are seeking talented, highly motivated, and innovative practitioners with strong managerial experience in the area of inves
tigations, regulatory enquiries, disputes, data separation/integration and artificial intelligence applied to these fields.  Our team is looking for p
eople passionate about seeking and developing a career within our Discovery & Data Management team. eDiscovery, Technology-Driven Investigations, Data
 Services for M&A and AI-Empowered Knowledge Discovery from unstructured data is our core expertise.     How you can make an impact     Participate in
 complex cross-border eDiscovery & Investigation projects and take responsibility for technology and analytics workstreams across the entire eDiscover
y project lifecyle (data collection, processing, review support and production).   Support and advise Clients to plan and execute large scale unstruct
ured data separation and integration in the context of M&A.  Create new ways of accelerating and enabling knowledge discovery workflows by leveraging 
state-of-the-art AI approaches.  Develop relationships, establish credibility, and instill confidence in clients, enabling them to react confidently i
n a crisis or investigation by leveraging Deloitte’s global network, deep industry experience, and advanced analytical technology.  Lead engagements a
nd provide strategic direction to the team to deliver a superior client experience.  Actively manage the Firm’s risk from take-on activities through t
o completion of engagements.  Develop the team through constant coaching, monitoring and feedback, providing challenging goals and ensuring team membe
rs have the skills, knowledge and opportunities to grow.       Who we are looking for     Masters Degree in Computer Science, Natural Science, Enginee
ring, Information Technology or other related majors.  10+ years of Big4 experience in managing eDiscovery, Investigations, Analytics projects, includ
ing planning, execution and controlling.  Technology background, a proven record in data analysis, and an in-depth knowledge of SQL and programming la
nguages (e.g., Python). Applied NLP techniques experience is a plus (Predictive Coding, LLM).  Project management skills and the ability to prioritize
 when working on multiple engagements.  Negotiation and influencing skills, and the confidence to communicate complex technical concepts to a wide ran
ge of audiences.  English and German or French. Any other language is a plus.       Your team   Become part of a diverse, multinational and highly mot
ivated team of 40+. We will help you grow both personally and professionally: through our trainings, mentoring programmes and on-the-job learning, but
 also by connecting with your colleagues across all business lines.     Careers at Deloitte. Choose your impact.    At Deloitte, your ideas create imp
act and spark meaningful change for our clients, people and society. Your unique expertise, background and perspective helps us find new ways into the
 most complex challenges so we can brighten the futures of those our work affects. At Deloitte, you can build a career that inspires and energises you
. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Switzerland, we provide industry-specific services in the areas of Audit & Assurance, Consulting, Fina
ncial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With more than 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve companies and organisations of all sizes in a
ll industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challenging work, an inclusive and supportive environment where you can be your best self and where you w
ill never stop growing. You will benefit from flexible and hybrid working conditions, wellbeing and parental programmes as well as many opportunities 
to connect, collaborate and learn.   Join us and become part of a global network of like-minded people dedicated to making a difference, whether by  a
ddressing climate change   or improving 100 million futures by 2030. Want to know more about opportunities at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/car
eers  .      How to apply    We look forward to hearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a complete application, including CV, cover le
tter, references and degree certificates.   If you have any questions, please contact Lucrezia at  Write an email  *We consider all qualified applican
ts for employment regardless of race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or disability, i
n accordance with applicable law. Research shows that women are less likely to apply for roles unless they match all the criteria; don’t hold yourself
 back – apply today.   We do not accept applications from recruitment agencies for this position.   Deloitte AG and Deloitte Consulting AG are Swiss s
ubsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, the DTTL member firm in the United Kingdom.    Requisition code: 15311     KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 Jobshttps://www.deloi
tte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Technical SEO ManagerXmedia Solutions AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior 
Technical SEO ManagerSenior Technical SEO Manager  Pensum: 100% Vertragsart: Vollzeit Arbeitsmodell: Hybrid Start: 01.03.2024  Wir suchen für unser Te
am in Zürich eine neue Kollegin / einen neuen Kollegen als Senior Technical SEO Manager. In dieser Schlüsselrolle bist du für die technische Suchmasch
inenoptimierung verantwortlich und spielst eine entscheidende Rolle bei der Steigerung der Sichtbarkeit unserer digitalen Inhalte. Zusätzlich hast du 
die neuesten KI-Entwicklungen im Blick und findest zusammen mit unserem AI Lab Ideen und Lösungen, wie wir KI optimal zur Reichweitensteigerung nutzen
 können. In dieser Rolle bist du Teil des Digital-Product-Teams und arbeitest eng mit unseren Entwicklungsteams zusammen. Das erwartet dich  Du bist v
erantwortlich für die kontinuierliche Entwicklung unserer technischen SEO-Strategie, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere digitalen Inhalte im World Wide W
eb schnell und zuverlässig auffindbar sind Durch regelmäßige Website-Audits mittels Crawling gewährleistest du, dass wir technische Probleme frühzeiti
g erkennen und sicherstellen, dass unsere Konfiguration den aktuellen SEO-Best-Practices entspricht Mit umfassender Expertise in der Nutzung der Googl
e Search Console identifizierst du Veränderungen im Google-Algorithmus anhand von Daten und Analytics und bereitest diese zuverlässig für unsere inter
nen und externen Anspruchsgruppen auf Du behältst stets die Core Web Vitals im Blick und bist in der Lage, mit unseren Frontend-Entwicklern Optimierun
gsmöglichkeiten bezüglich Ladezeit-Performance, SEO-Javascript und Verbesserungen der Website-Struktur zu erörtern Neben deiner SEO-Expertise interess
ierst du dich auch für die neuesten Entwicklungen im Bereich Künstliche Intelligenz (KI) und trägst dazu bei, den idealen Mittelweg zwischen Reichweit
enoptimierung und dem Schutz unserer Inhalte in Zeiten von Search Generative Experience zu finden  Das suchen wir  Wir suchen einen Experten in der te
chnischen Suchmaschinenoptimierung, vorzugsweise mit Erfahrung im Nachrichten- oder Medienbereich Du solltest ein tiefgreifendes Verständnis von SEO-B
est-Practices, Suchmaschinenalgorithmen und aktuellen Trends im Bereich Suchmaschinenmarketing haben Starke analytische Fähigkeiten und die Fähigkeit,
 datengesteuerte Entscheidungen zu treffen, sind entscheidend Eigenmotivation sowie die Fähigkeit, deine Arbeit präzise und selbstständig zu organisie
ren, sind unerlässlich Du solltest Freude an der Zusammenarbeit mit verschiedenen Abteilungen haben, kreative Lösungen suchen und auch in stressigen Z
eiten den Überblick behalten können  Benefits Was wir dir bieten: Attraktive Zusatzleistungen und Vergünstigungen für unsere Mitarbeitenden  Fünf Woch
en Ferien mit Option auf sieben Wochen und Ferienkauf Flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle und Mobile-Office-Möglichkeiten Eine markt-, leistungs- und erfolgso
rientierte Entlöhnung Zahlreiche Vergünstigungen, z.B. Handy-Abo, Digital TV, Fahrradverleih, Autokauf Umfassendes kostenloses Angebot im Bereich Gesu
ndheitsförderung (Coaching, Health Coach App, Grippeschutzimpfung, diverse Trainings) Möglichkeit für unbezahlten Urlaub bis max. sechs Monate Zusätzl
iche halbe Freitage vor bestimmten Feiertagen Umfassendes Aus- und Weiterbildungsangebot (Führungstrainings, Mentoring, Entwicklungsprogramme, Sprachk
urse, Selbstkompetenz, Methodenkompetenz, Projektleitung, Change Management und vieles mehr) Digital- und Print-Abonnement / kostenloses und rabattier
tes Angebot an Abonnementen  Rekrutierungsprozess Der Weg zu deinem neuen Job: Unser Bewerbungsprozess im Überblick     Vorauswahl Wir prüfen laufend 
die eingehenden Bewerbungen und treffen eine schnelle Vorauswahl, um zeitnah Feedback geben zu können. Die Entscheidung, ob es für dich weitergeht ode
r nicht, teilen wir dir schnellstmöglich per E-Mail mit.     Technisches Interview Hier lernst du potenzielle Vorgesetzte und/oder zukünftige Kolleg*i
nnen kennen. Dabei sprecht ihr online oder persönlich über dein Fachwissen, das für den Job relevant ist. Dieser Schritt kann auch in mehrere kleinere
 Interviews aufgeteilt werden.     Case study Du erhältst eine spezifische Problemstellung oder Herausforderung, die relevant für die Position ist, au
f die du dich beworben hast. Bei der anschließenden Präsentation deiner Ergebnisse haben wir die Chance, deine Fähigkeiten und Herangehensweisen im Ar
beitskontext besser kennenzulernen.     Vor-Ort-Interview Beim Vor-Ort-Interview in unserem Büro steht das gegenseitige Kennenlernen im Vordergrund. D
u erhältst die Möglichkeit, Vorgesetzte und Teammitglieder persönlich zu treffen und weitere Einblicke in die Position und das Unternehmen zu erhalten
. Über Tamedia Publikationen Deutschschweiz AG Tamedia ist ein Schweizer Medienunternehmen, das 1893 mit dem Tages-Anzeiger gegründet wurde. Heute umf
asst das Unternehmen die bezahlten Tages- und Sonntagszeitungen, die Zeitschriften und Verlagsdienstleistungen. Zu den bekanntesten Publikationen gehö
ren 24 heures, Basler Zeitung, Bilan, BZ Berner Zeitung, Das Magazin, Der Bund, Finanz und Wirtschaft, Le Matin Dimanche, Schweizer Familie, SonntagsZ
eitung, Tages-Anzeiger und Tribune de Genève. Tamedia betreibt ausserdem die grössten Zeitungsdruckereien der Schweiz in Zürich, Bern und Bussigny. Da
s Unternehmen beschäftigt Mitarbeitende in der Deutschschweiz und der Romandie.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Infrastructure ArchitectGFT Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichCloud I
nfrastructure ArchitectCloud Infrastructure Architect Custom Field 1:  Architecture Custom Field 3:  Architecture Country/Region:  CH Date:  May 1, 20
24 Location: Zürich, CH, 8050 Working place:  Hybrid About GFT  GFT is driving the digital transformation of the world’s leading financial institution
s. Other sectors, such as industry and insurance, also leverage GFT’s strong consulting and implementation skills across all aspects of pioneering tec
hnologies, such as cloud engineering, artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things for Industry 4.0, and blockchain.     Role Summary    We are see
king a passionate cloud technologist to join and help build our rapidly expanding Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure Consulting & Delivery team. You will pro
vide technical leadership to cloud engineering teams assigned to client engagements to deliver Cloud Landing Zones and cloud migrations to support our
 financial services customers digitalization programs. You will serve as a cloud evangelist, visionary and consultant to provide technical guidance on
 cloud solutions design, build, governance, security, operations and cost control best practices.    Role Responsibilities Provide Technical leadershi
p to cloud infrastructure engineering teams delivering cloud solutions on client engagements whilst providing thought leadership to steer solution des
ign Provide thought leadership by authoring technical and opinionated blogs, articles and whitepapers Identify emerging technologies and evaluate suit
ability to improve client solution or bolster GFT offerings Balance best of breed technical implementation with the commercial schedule and work withi
n budget imperatives Influence, engage, develop and manage stakeholder relationships on client engagement up to CxO Promote GFT services and identify 
client opportunities Participate in preparing client RFP/RFI responses and client proposals Prepare and deliver articulate and effective presentations
/workshops/demos of GFT cloud offerings in client pre-sales meeting and large audiences at events such as Google Next, AWS re:Invent, community Meetup
s and internal GFTedTalks Mentor junior engineers and peers with the opportunity to manage small internal teams Assist with the recruitment process to
 expand the team to meet increasing demand Maintain and expand deep cloud knowledge, industry trends, and best practices Competencies and Skills Neede
d  Mandatory Skills: Certified in one or more cloud platforms: Google Cloud (preferred) Azure/AWS (plus) - Cloud Architect, Network Engineer and Secur
ity Engineer specialisations preferred Applied knowledge of cloud infrastructure services: compute, storage, networking, hybrid connectivity, monitori
ng/logging, security, IAM and federated services Applied knowledge of traditional infrastructure services: compute, storage, networking, virtualisatio
n, IDAM, Linux/Windows administration, and Data Centre migrations Applied knowledge of developing and delivering cloud infrastructure using Terraform 
and/or Packer Working knowledge of the HashiCorp product suite Applied knowledge of DevOps principles and tooling, GitOps, CI/CD, config management, s
ource control systems and managing code with Git Applied experience of programming/scripting languages such as Python, and Bash Applied experience of 
data serialisation languages such as JSON and YAML Working knowledge of CSP managed Kubernetes (GKE/EKS/AKS) and service mesh solutions Working knowle
dge of Cloud migration techniques such as rehost, refactor, rearchitect, replatform, repurchase Conceptual understanding of: Cloud data services Cloud
 security principles and tooling Fluent German and English Behavioural Skills An ability to apply structured thinking, simplifying complex problems in
to component parts, to the resolution of project challenges. Effective communication and interpersonal skills to be able to establish rapport with peo
ple at all levels. An eye for detail and accuracy, and an affinity with design issues and the ability to help establish and own a vision for our solut
ions. Organizational ability and tenacity; able to think ahead in order to establish an efficient and appropriate course of action for self and others
. Take a proactive approach to work, good with handling uncertainty and can manage their work without close supervision. A strong sense of ownership a
nd a desire to deliver quality outcomes for the business. What we offer you  You will be working with some of the brightest people in business and tec
hnology on challenging and rewarding projects in a team of likeminded individuals. GFT prides itself on its international environment that promotes pr
ofessional and cultural exchange and encourages further individual development.   Founded in 1987 and located in 13 countries to ensure close proximit
y to its clients, GFT employs over 10,000 people. GFT provides them with career opportunities in all areas of software engineering and innovation. The
 GFT Technologies SE share is listed in the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange Als Partner für IT-Beratung und Software-Entwicklun
g sind wir auf die digitale Transformation unserer Kunden aus den Bereichen Finanzen, Versicherungen und Industrie spezialisiert. Unsere rund 50 Talen
te in der Schweiz entwickeln mit modernsten Technologien nachhaltige Lösungen. Entscheide dich für GFT, weil ... du an eine digitale Welt glaubst, in 
der die intelligente Nutzung von IT erfolgreich macht. du mit uns diese Welt nachhaltig gestalten willst. unsere jahrzehntelange Erfahrung und unser W
eitblick dir einen guten Rahmen bieten. dir eine Kultur des Miteinanders und der Wertschätzung wichtig ist. bei GFT jede*r Einzelne zählt und DU den U
nterschied machst #makeyourmark. Noch nicht bereit zum Bewerben? Bleib auf dem Laufenden! Aktiviere unseren Job-Alarm und erhalte regelmäßig Infos zu 
neuen Positionen. Job-Alarm abonieren KontaktGFT Schweiz AG(1)3 Jobshttps://www.gft.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Rodent 3R Platform SpecialistETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichRodent 3R Platfor
m SpecialistRodent 3R Platform Specialist 80%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term We are looking for an experienced scientist to co-manage the operational side o
f the rodent 3R-Hub affiliated with our lab, and lead our efforts to implement reduce-refine-replace (3R) principles. In this position you will furthe
r develop and refine existing behavior testing setups, design and build equipment for new behavior setups, and conduct experiments to optimize the beh
avior tests. You will be able to solve engineering and data integration problems at the interface between behavior testing and in vivo brain recording
s. You will be responsible for updating our state-of-the-art behavior analysis pipelines based on the latest developments in artificial intelligence a
nd machine learning. You will train and guide collaborators during experimental design and data analysis. The position is currently limited to two yea
rs, but part of your job will be to strategically support our effort to develop it into a permanent position through careful alignment of our 3R-effor
ts with ETH strategies. Project background The mission of the ETH Zurich 3R Hub is to drive measurable and positive change in scientific animal resear
ch by promoting the principles of Replace, Reduce, and Refine. The 3R Hub aims to consolidate ongoing 3R research efforts across ETH Zurich. Through c
ollaborative research, education, and the exploration of alternative methods, we strive to minimize the impact on animals in experimental settings, wh
ilst maximizing the information gained from each animal used in research. The hub has recently been launched, and the demand for collaborations is alr
eady very high. Thus, we are looking for someone to join the current head of the 3R Hub as a co-leader, to manage ongoing projects and develop and imp
lement a vision for how to exapand and permanently integrate the hub within the ETH ecosystem. Job description In this position you will be responsibl
e for the successful operation of our 3R-Hub and ensure that it meets the changing needs of a dynamic research environment. As part of this job, you w
ill...  maintain and further develop existing state-of-the-art behavior analysis, including physical maintenance of equipment and design of new upgrad
es continuously implement the latest analyses algorithms/approaches for animal tracking and data analysis, as well as benchmarking the performance of 
the new approaches establish new behavioral tasks and behavior setups aligned with the research directions of the research group. This includes design
ing, drawing and physically building new equipment and testing its functionality using studies with proper experimental design train new employees who
 use the animal testing platform, to maintain the high standard of behavior analysis in the group. Specifically, you will ensure that group members ca
n operate and maintain behavior equipment, properly conduct behavioral experiments, and collect and correctly analyze the behavioral data stay up-to-d
ate with developments in 3R research, write grants and design experiments to further 3R initiatives lead group or collaborator meetings related to beh
avior testing, present new capabilities developed by the 3R-Hub contribute to the writing and reviewing of scientific papers related to rodent behavio
r testing identify and connect with collaboration partners in the greater Zurich neuroscience communiy (Neuroscience Center Zurich)  Your profile The 
job profile requires:  A degree in neuroscience and/or engineering (or related field) and a proven track record of desiging and building behavior test
ing equipment (hands-on, practical skills) A PhD in neuroscience with proven publication track record ideally a few years of postdoc or equivalent pos
ition with leadership experience >5 years experience and in-depth knowledge in rodent behavioral neuroscience research A publication track record that
 demonstrates successful development and implementation of behavior analysis approaches A proven track record in grant writing and securing indepenent
 funding Fluency in English Up-to-date knowledge of latest technological developments in the field of behavior testing Proficiency in programming lang
uages (Python is a requirement) Experience working with machine learning approaches Excellent interpersonal skills in order to coordinate and balance 
the needs and requirements of group members in a dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment Creative/adaptive problem solving skills  Your wor
kplace Your workplace We offer  A caring, supportive and modern work environment based on trust and respect A uniquely stimulating scientific environm
ent with a cutting-edge research lab embedded in the greater Zurich Neuroscience Center (ZNZ) Flexible working hours (incl. the option for home office
) that are compatible with a healthy work/life balance Opportunities for furthering education and continued learning The possibility to take responsib
ilty in guiding projects and mentoring students Meaningful work with a long-term vision to advance our understanding of brain function  We value diver
sity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A
 short statement (max. 250 words) summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we 
exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Fur
ther information about our lab can be found on our lab's website and the 3R-Hub's homepage. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr.
 Oliver Sturman, E-Mail schreiben (no applications). For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We loo
k forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A short statement (max. 250 word
s) summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we exclusively accept applications
 submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our lab 
can be found on our lab's website and the 3R-Hub's homepage. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Oliver Sturman, E-Mail schreib
en (no applications). For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job m
elden


Distinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftCisco Systems (Switzerland) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:RolleDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - Outshift     Location:Rolle, S
witzerland     Alternate LocationZurich, Switzerland or Paris, France     Area of InterestEngineer - Software     Job TypeProfessional     Technology 
InterestAI or Artificial Intelligence, Software Development     Job Id1416115 Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. Th
is exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant 
position opens. Who We Are Who You'll Work With What You'll Do The Impact You’ll Make Your Responsibilities Will Include  Lead a team of applied scien
tists and drive applied ML initiatives across products. Drive the generative AI strategy and lead strategic initiatives to employ the most recent adva
nces in ML/AI including multimodal Large Language models (MLLMs) in a fast-paced, experimental environment and create differentiation. Lead developmen
t, implementation, and optimization of LLMs & MLLMs, including training, finetuning, and computational optimizations and deliver novel and highly impa
ctful features. Work with peer leaders in Outshift and wider Cisco Senior AI practitioners (PE, DE, Fellows) from other business groups to align strat
egies and collaborate on AI initiatives. Conduct research and develop innovative AI models using state-of-the-art techniques that include NLP, CV, tim
eseries, image, video, audio, and other modalities. Mentor applied scientists and holding us to a high standard of technical rigor and excellence in M
L. Provide guidance to the team on State-of-the-Art techniques and model architectures across generative AI.  Minimum Requirements  PhD in machine lea
rning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative fields and 10+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural langua
ge processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. OR Masters in machine learning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitat
ive fields and 14+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural language processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. 8+ years exp in
 Java, C++, Python, and other related languages. Practical experience in developing, training, deploying, evaluating AI models in real-world applicati
ons and knowledge of deep learning frameworks. Understanding and hands-on experience in (multimodal) large language models, natural language processin
g, computer vision, image processing, and generative AI techniques Proven track record of verbal and written communication skills.  Preferred Requirem
ents  Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art machine learning technologies like LLMs and MLLMs. Highly driven leader that is known to deliver in high g
rowth and highly dynamic environments. Be an advocate for creative technical trends. Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving cha
llenges, ensuring follow through. Extraordinarily resourceful & rigorous, and can operate successfully among forward-thinking and charismatic people. 
Equally comfortable and capable interacting with technologists as with business executives.  Why Cisco? WeAreCisco. We are all unique, but collectivel
y we bring our talents to work as a team, to develop innovative technology and power a more inclusive, digital future for everyone. How do we do it? W
ell, for starters – with people like you! Nearly every internet connection around the world touches Cisco. We’re the Internet’s optimists. Our technol
ogy makes sure the data travelling at light speed across connections does so securely, yet it’s not what we make but what we make happen which marks u
s out. We’re helping those who work in the health service to connect with patients and each other; schools, colleges and universities to teach in even
 the most challenging of times. We’re helping businesses of all shapes and size to connect with their employees and customers in new ways, providing p
eople with access to the digital skills they need and connecting the most remote parts of the world – whether through 5G, or otherwise. We tackle what
ever challenges come our way. We have each other’s backs, we recognize our accomplishments, and we grow together. We celebrate and support one another
 – from big and small things in life to big career moments. And giving back is in our DNA (we get 10 days off each year to do just that). We know that
 powering an inclusive future starts with us. Because without diversity and a dedication to equality, there is no moving forward. Our 30 Inclusive Com
munities, that bring people together around commonalities or passions, are leading the way. Together we’re committed to learning, listening, caring fo
r our communities, whilst supporting the most vulnerable with a collective effort to make this world a better place either with technology, or through
 our actions. So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Pass
ion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco li-ha1 LI-Remote When available, the salary range posted for this position reflect
s the projected hiring range for new hire, full-time salaries in U.S. and/or Canada locations, not including equity or benefits. For non-sales roles t
he hiring ranges reflect base salary only; employees are also eligible to receive annual bonuses. Hiring ranges for sales positions include base and i
ncentive compensation target. Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location and additional factors, including but not limited to ski
llset, experience, and relevant education, certifications, or training. Applicants may not be eligible for the full salary range based on their U.S. o
r Canada hiring location. The recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process. U.S. employ
ees have access to quality medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, short and long-term disability cove
rage, basic life insurance and numerous wellbeing offerings. Employees receive up to twelve paid holidays per calendar year, which includes one floati
ng holiday, plus a day off for their birthday. Employees accrue up to 20 days of Paid Time Off (PTO) each year and have access to paid time away to de
al with critical or emergency issues without tapping into their PTO. We offer additional paid time to volunteer and give back to the community. Employ
ees are also able to purchase company stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Program. Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay
 on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows: .
75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota; 1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%; 
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1
% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation. For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, 
Cisco may pay up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.Bewer
benJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Rodent 3R Platform Specialist ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englisch (F
liessend)Arbeitsort:Zürich  Rodent 3R Platform Specialist  We are looking for an experienced scientist to co-manage the operational side of the rodent
 3R-Hub affiliated with our lab, and lead our efforts to implement reduce-refine-replace (3R) principles. In this position you will further develop an
d refine existing behavior testing setups, design and build equipment for new behavior setups, and conduct experiments to optimize the behavior tests.
 You will be able to solve engineering and data integration problems at the interface between behavior testing and in vivo brain recordings. You will 
be responsible for updating our state-of-the-art behavior analysis pipelines based on the latest developments in artificial intelligence and machine l
earning. You will train and guide collaborators during experimental design and data analysis. The position is currently limited to two years, but part
 of your job will be to strategically support our effort to develop it into a permanent position through careful alignment of our 3R-efforts with ETH 
strategies.  Project background  The mission of the ETH Zurich 3R Hub is to drive measurable and positive change in scientific animal research by prom
oting the principles of Replace, Reduce, and Refine. The 3R Hub aims to consolidate ongoing 3R research efforts across ETH Zurich. Through collaborati
ve research, education, and the exploration of alternative methods, we strive to minimize the impact on animals in experimental settings, whilst maxim
izing the information gained from each animal used in research. The hub has recently been launched, and the demand for collaborations is already very 
high. Thus, we are looking for someone to join the current head of the 3R Hub as a co-leader, to manage ongoing projects and develop and implement a v
ision for how to exapand and permanently integrate the hub within the ETH ecosystem.  Job description  In this position you will be responsible for th
e successful operation of our 3R-Hub and ensure that it meets the changing needs of a dynamic research environment. As part of this job, you will...  
maintain and further develop existing state-of-the-art behavior analysis, including physical maintenance of equipment and design of new upgrades conti
nuously implement the latest analyses algorithms/approaches for animal tracking and data analysis, as well as benchmarking the performance of the new 
approaches establish new behavioral tasks and behavior setups aligned with the research directions of the research group. This includes designing, dra
wing and physically building new equipment and testing its functionality using studies with proper experimental design train new employees who use the
 animal testing platform, to maintain the high standard of behavior analysis in the group. Specifically, you will ensure that group members can operat
e and maintain behavior equipment, properly conduct behavioral experiments, and collect and correctly analyze the behavioral data stay up-to-date with
 developments in 3R research, write grants and design experiments to further 3R initiatives lead group or collaborator meetings related to behavior te
sting, present new capabilities developed by the 3R-Hub contribute to the writing and reviewing of scientific papers related to rodent behavior testin
g identify and connect with collaboration partners in the greater Zurich neuroscience communiy (Neuroscience Center Zurich)   Your profile  The job pr
ofile requires:  A degree in neuroscience and/or engineering (or related field) and a proven track record of desiging and building behavior testing eq
uipment (hands-on, practical skills) A PhD in neuroscience with proven publication track record ideally a few years of postdoc or equivalent position 
with leadership experience >5 years experience and in-depth knowledge in rodent behavioral neuroscience research A publication track record that demon
strates successful development and implementation of behavior analysis approaches A proven track record in grant writing and securing indepenent fundi
ng Fluency in English Up-to-date knowledge of latest technological developments in the field of behavior testing Proficiency in programming languages 
(Python is a requirement) Experience working with machine learning approaches Excellent interpersonal skills in order to coordinate and balance the ne
eds and requirements of group members in a dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment Creative/adaptive problem solving skills   We offer   A 
caring, supportive and modern work environment based on trust and respect A uniquely stimulating scientific environment with a cutting-edge research l
ab embedded in the greater Zurich Neuroscience Center (ZNZ) Flexible working hours (incl. the option for home office) that are compatible with a healt
hy work/life balance Opportunities for furthering education and continued learning The possibility to take responsibilty in guiding projects and mento
ring students Meaningful work with a long-term vision to advance our understanding of brain function    Working, teaching and research at ETH Zurich  
 We value diversity In line with  our values  , ETH Zurich encourages an inclusive culture. We promote equality of opportunity, value diversity and nu
rture a working and learning environment in which the rights and dignity of all our staff and students are respected. Visit our  Equal Opportunities a
nd Diversity website   to find out how we ensure a fair and open environment that allows everyone to grow and flourish. Curious? So are we.  We look f
orward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A short statement (max. 250 words) 
summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we exclusively accept applications su
bmitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our lab can
 be found on our lab's  website   and the 3R-Hub's  homepage  . Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Oliver Sturman, Write an em
ail (no applications). For recruitment services the  GTC of ETH Zurich   apply.  About ETH Zürich ETH Zurich is one of the world’s leading universitie
s specialising in science and technology. We are renowned for our excellent education, cutting-edge fundamental research and direct transfer of new kn
owledge into society. Over 30,000 people from more than 120 countries find our university to be a place that promotes independent thinking and an envi
ronment that inspires excellence. Located in the heart of Europe, yet forging connections all over the world, we work together to develop solutions fo
r the global challenges of today and tomorrow.  KontaktETH Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich(9)33 Jobshttps://www.ethz.chBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Head of Legal EngineeringLegartis Technology AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 Juli 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZurichHead of 
Legal EngineeringDescription100%, Germany (remote) or Switzerland (hybrid), starting as soon as possible______________________________________________
____________________ Welcome to the future of law! Are you a seasoned legal professional looking for a new challenge outside of traditional legal care
ers? Do you have an unwavering curiosity for cutting-edge technologies and AI? Do you want to become part of an inclusive and agile team? Then let's c
onquer the world together! We are Legartis, a LegalTech startup, that is paving the way for the next era of legal innovation by revolutionizing contra
ct review with the help of artificial intelligence. As the Head of Legal Engineering, you will report into our CEO and play a pivotal role in driving 
our vision forward. We are seeking someone who not only has a deep understanding of contract law and the intricacies of contract reviewing but also po
ssesses an entrepreneurial mindset. You will have the opportunity to shape the future of our SaaS solution, leveraging your expertise to build innovat
ive solutions and services that redefine the way legal professionals approach their work.  Our team consists of brilliant legal minds, data scientists
, engineers, sales and marketing experts. We are a team of highly motivated employees who work closely together and live the collegial culture of expe
rimentation, trust, and transparency. Working at Legartis should be fulfilling and fun. Does that sound like the right place to you? Then send us your
 contact details and CV by clicking on the link below. You are uncertain if you should apply because your experiences are not an exact match with our 
requirements? Let that not stop you. Instead, let us know why you think you can do the job anyway! Your mission You will be leading an the Legal Engin
eering team. On a day-to-day basis you will: Design automatable commercial contract concepts and language in various ways, including prompting and the
 creation of prompt libraries. Oversee the evaluation and improvement of the Legartis AI solution and datasets, analyze the AI results and provide leg
al feedback for further developments. Interact with customers to translate their requirements and to determine how their legal review tasks can be tur
ned into an automated review process. Plan and manage various projects and co-developments with customers. Setup and further develop our professional 
services to make sure our clients make the most out of the Legartis solution. Lead a team of legal professionals, fostering a collaborative environmen
t and guiding their efforts in driving our product, ensuring efficiency, and continuous growth. Your profile You hold a Master’s degree in Law or equi
valent (any additional education or the admission to the bar is a plus); You have profound post-qualification experience in drafting, reviewing and ne
gotiating commercial contracts (e.g. NDAs, Service Agreements, Construction Agreements, Software License Agreements); You have proven experience in ad
vising clients in the review of contracts, and you are able to build strong client relationships; You have excellent (legal) communication and writing
 skills in German and English (any further language such as French, Spanish or Portuguese is a plus) and enjoy analysing language and have a good feel
 for linguistic nuances; You are interested in current business trends involving AI, machine learning and prompting, especially generative AI solution
s such as ChatGPT; experience with prompting is a big plus; You have experience in planning, managing and executing projects independently and are abl
e to manage multiple priorities/projects in a fast-paced environment; You have a track record of successful leadership and enjoy motivating others; Yo
u have an innovative and proactive mindset, capable of identifying opportunities, solving challenges creatively, and challenging the status quo; You d
emonstrate ownership, accountability and willingness to drive projects forward and embrace change; You are able to improvise and make judgements quick
ly and based on little information; You are a motivated, flexible individual who values teamwork, complemented by a responsible and organized personal
ity. Why us? Work with a talented and dedicated team of researchers and engineers; Shape an industry: Legal tech is still at an early stage. Together 
with Legartis you can shape an entire new industry; If you live outside of Switzerland, you have the possibility to work 100% remotely; 100% position 
in an agile startup with the opportunity to grow with the company; Competitive, fixed salary; 5 weeks of holidays with the possibility to take 2 weeks
 unpaid leave; A diverse and talented international team with flat hierarchies; Great opportunities to make an impact and grow professionally; Central
ly located office in the heart of Zurich; Hybrid work model; Regular team events such as apéros, lunches, restaurant testing or hikes. ProcessMutual r
espect and transparency are two core values of Legartis which shall shine through the whole hiring process. Learn each other's expectations: Have a ch
at with Legartis HR and the hiring manager and get an understanding of Legartis and the role you are interested in. We in turn want to get to know you
 and your expectations of your next challenge. Demonstrate your abilities: complete challenges at the crossroads between law, technology & client rela
tions. Get to know the team in the Zurich office and have a final chat with the CEO Make a decision: Shortly after the final interview, we’ll let you 
know whether we’d like you to join the team. Auf diese Stelle bewerben About us We are Legartis, a LegalTech startup that changes the way contracts ar
e analyzed today. Our SaaS solution uses AI to review contracts, just like a professional does, but a lot faster. We are a growing and ambitious team 
determined to eliminate repetitive work from the lives of our users. Since our incorporation in 2017, we have won various awards such as the Swiss Fin
tech Awards, were listed as a Top100 startup in Switzerland or named by Forbes as one of the best AI startups in the DACH region.  Auf diese Stelle be
werben Kontaktlegartis technology AG(0)1 Jobhttps://legartis.aiBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden

Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data Science EMPABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:T
emporärSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Lerchenfeldstrasse 5, 9014 St. Gallen             Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data 
Science      Materials science and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributi
ons to the well-being of society for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. Empa's Laboratory 'Particles-Biology Int
eractions' and its group 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' are looking for a candidate for an interdisciplinary project on the development of new
 computational approaches for improving safety and sustainability of (nano)materials based on publicly available data and tools, including omics data,
 and integration of novel methods for replacing animal testing. The project involves collaborations with several leading European research groups and 
experts in the field. Your tasks   Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Machine learning analyses: implementation of est
ablished and new workflows  Coordination of activities with Consortium partners, including presentation of results at consortium meetings  Preparation
 of results for publishing and presentation at conferences  Development of models for health and environmental impact assessment   Your profile We are
 looking for a candidate with:   PhD in computational biology or related field Background in computational biology, bioinformatics or a related field 
 Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication skills with a good command of the English language 
  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Familiarity with Safe and Sustainable by Design methods and tools  Familiarity with datasets and mod
els for health and environmental impact assessment  Interest in mechanisms of disease development  Expertise in network analysis  Experience with omic
s data analysis    Our offer We offer:   A highly interdisciplinary and supportive environment with a cutting-edge research project  Support for furth
er career development  A strong international network   The Postdoctoral position is for the duration of three and half years. It is based at Empa, St
. Gallen and it is available from May 2024 or upon mutual agreement. The researcher will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinf
ormatics.  We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meaningful activities -
 that's what counts. We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV, certificates, diplomas and co
ntact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will not be considered.
   Sarah Stüdli,Bereichspersonalleiterin / HR Partner        Questions?   Dr. Marija Buljan Write an email Group leaderParticles-Biology Interactions 
            Your future place of work  EmpaLerchenfeldstrasse 59014 St. Gallen      Empa as an employer      Innovative, sustainable, meaningful activ
ities       Creating added value for society       International, multicultural working environment       Freedom to create and develop       Culture 
of inclusion and respect       Excellent balance between different areas of life       Multiple award-winning and certified employer       Benefits fo
r rail, mobile, childcare, catering, etc.       Good to know    Empa website       Working in Switzerland       Employment process       Conditions of
 employment                  Apply now       KontaktEmpa(15)8 Jobshttps://www.empa.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in Data Science (80 %) Eidgenössisches Institut für MetrologieBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April
 2024Pensum:80%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Französisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Lindenweg 50, 30
03 Bern-WabernWissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in Data Science (80 %) Labor Hochfrequenz | per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung | Die Stelle ist auf 3 Jah
re befristet Das Eidgenössische Institut für Metrologie METAS erarbeitet international abgestimmte Referenzmasse und gibt sie in der erforderlichen Ge
nauigkeit durch Kalibrierungen weiter an die Schweizer Wirtschaft, Forschung und Verwaltung. Dazu gehört auch eine leistungsfähige und breit aufgestel
lte Informatik, die wir selber intern betreiben, unterhalten und weiterentwickeln.  Ihre neue Herausforderung  Anwendung von ML/KI-Methoden zur Bewert
ung von unsicherheitsbehafteten Messdaten von Lithium-IonenBatterien. Mitarbeit in einem internationalen Projekt zur Batterietechnologie unter Beteili
gung von Partnern aus Industrie und Forschung. Mitarbeit beim Aufbau einer Softwarebibliothek zur Unsicherheitsfortpflanzung durch ML Modelle. Erarbei
tung und Unterstützung von internationalen Forschungs- und Entwicklungsprojekten.    Ihr Profil  Abgeschlossenes natur- oder ingenieurwissenschaftlich
es Hochschulstudium mit Promotion oder Berufserfahrung. Aktuelle Kenntnisse im Bereich ML/KI in Theorie und Praxis. Gute Statistik- und Programmierken
ntnisse sowie Erfahrung im Projektmanagement und in der Ausarbeitung von Projektanträgen. Begeisterung für wissenschaftliche Projekte und die Fähigkei
t, Probleme theoretisch zu analysieren und in praktische Untersuchungen und machbare Lösungen umzusetzen. Lösungsorientierte, flexible und teamorienti
erte Persönlichkeit, welche unkompliziert neue Herausforderungen angeht. Sehr gute Englischkenntnisse sowie Kenntnisse einer Amtssprache.    Wir biete
n Eine anspruchsvolle Tätigkeit im dynamischen Umfeld einer selbst betriebenen Informatik, die Nähe zur Industrie und Forschung und attraktiven Arbeit
sbedingungen.   Ihre Bewerbung Fachliche Auskünfte erteilt Ihnen gerne Dr. Markus Zeier, Laborleiter Hochfrequenz, Tel. Nr. +41 58 387 04 91. Bei dies
er Stellenbesetzung berücksichtigen wir keine Personaldienstleister. Das METAS achtet die unterschiedlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mi
tarbeitenden und fördert deren Vielfalt. Gleichbehandlung geniesst höchste Priorität.   Ihr Kontakt Sandrine SeilerHR Business Partner058 387 02 22  K
ontaktEidgenössisches Institut für Metrologie(1)22 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


R&D Data Scientist Sulzer AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)
 Arbeitsort:WinterthurSulzer is a global leader in fluid engineering and chemical processing applications. We specialize in energy-efficient pumping, 
agitation, mixing, separation, purification, crystallization and polymerization technologies for fluids of all types. Our solutions enable carbon emis
sion reductions, development of polymers from biological sources, recycling of plastic waste and textiles, and efficient power storage. Our customers 
benefit from our commitment to innovation, performance and quality through our responsive network of 180 world-class manufacturing facilities and serv
ice centers across the globe. Sulzer has been headquartered in Winterthur, Switzerland, since 1834. CT_Technology & Innovation-E122 R&D Data Scientist
 - Full Time - Winterthur, Switzerland    Sulzer is a leading engineering company with a proud heritage of innovation. Join our global team to grow yo
ur expertise and develop innovative solutions that enable a prosperous and more sustainable society.       Join our Technology & Innovation team withi
n Sulzer Chemtech in Winterthur, Switzerland as R&D Data scientist to help us take digital innovation to the next level. You will help drive our digit
alization strategy by leading and delivering data-driven solutions to accelerate our ambitious, sustainable growth agenda.      Your main tasks and re
sponsibilities:      Design and implement data-driven initiatives for product and process R&D. Combine data science, statistic with domain experience 
to facilitate data-driven decision making. Work closely with cross-functional project teams to develop digital & data science solutions. Develop insig
hts from complex datasets, generate data-driven hypotheses, design experiments and drive the development of optimized products and process solutions. 
Design and implement data-driven/digital tools for advanced analytics, predictive algorithms, and data visualization. Communicate actionable insights 
using data to a diverse audience across all levels of the organization. Be an ambassador for driving a data-driven mindset across the organization.   
  To succeed in this role, you will need:      PhD in Chemical or Process Engineering (or similar) with relevant domain experience.  Strong background
 in data science and hands-on experience in applying data-driven/statistical learning methodologies to chemical process/product development is a must 
have. Industrial experience in data science/modeling in the chemical process industry with is a big advantage. Experience in programming languages suc
h as python, R and data science toolkits. Additional experimental background in relevant domains is a plus. Ability to build effective relationships w
ith experimentalists and cross-functional teams. Bold thinker, proactive, collaborative, solution-oriented, "doer" mindset. Experience in identifying 
data science opportunities based on business needs. Knowledge of software development best practices, database management and agile methodologies. Flu
ency in English, written and spoken.     What we offer you:      25 days holiday (inclusive of bank holidays) + service days Defined contribution pens
ion scheme Employee Assistance Program/health care On-site car parking/public transport allowance Access to a wide range of discounts      No visa or 
work permit support can be provided for this role    Sulzer is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in the strength of a diverse workforce and ar
e committed to offering an inclusive work environment.   We are proud to be recognized as a Top Employer 2024 in Brazil, China, Germany, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States.    KontaktSulzer AG(3)3 Jobshttp://www.sulzer.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist 80 - 100% (w/m/d) St. Galler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:St. GallenFühlst du dich in der Datenwelt zu Hause? Liebst du es, aus Daten neue Erkenntnisse zu gewinn
en und daraus Handlungsempfehlungen abzuleiten und Prozesse zu optimieren? Du hast eine grosse Affinität für Technologie und liebst es, ständig zu ler
nen und deine Fähigkeiten zu verbessern? Du bevorzugst kleine Teams mit grosser Breite an Tätigkeiten? Dann komm zu uns und ergänze unser Data & Analy
tics Team in St. Gallen vor Ort und im Homeoffice! Bei der St. Galler Kantonalbank erwartet dich ein spannender Arbeitsalltag mit flexiblen Arbeitszei
ten, flachen Hierarchien und partnerschaftlichem Zugang zu Führungskräften.   Das wirst du bewirken   Als Datenprofi verstehst du dich als Enabler für
 operative und strategische Themen. Du überwachst bestehende und entwickelst neue Machine Learning Modelle und trägst damit massgeblich zum strategisc
hen Handlungsfeld Personalisierung und operative Exzellenz bei. Du initiierst und unterstützt innovative Data Science Projekte mit deinem data-driven 
Mindset. Du wirkst vermittelnd zwischen Business und Technik und koordinierst die Aufgaben eng mit anderen Fachabteilungen, wie z.B. den Vertriebseinh
eiten und der IT. Du vertrittst die SGKB in unternehmensübergreifenden Kooperationen.   Das bringst du mit   Dein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium 
z.B. in Naturwissenschaften, Computer Science, Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder eine vergleichbare Qualifikation hast du mit Praxiserfahrung i
n einem Data Science Team ergänzt. Deine sehr guten mündlichen und schriftlichen Deutschkenntnisse sind Voraussetzung für eine reibungslose Kommunikat
ion mit deinen vielfältigen Anspruchsgruppen. Du bringst erste Erfahrung in der Entwicklung und Produktivsetzung von Machine Learning Modellen (MLOps)
 mit und hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python und SQL. Du verstehst es verschiedene Visualisierungstools und -techniken zu benutzen, um Date
n und Erkenntnisse zu präsentieren. Idealerweise kennst du dich in der objektorientierten Softwareentwicklung und im Bereich Webtechnolgien aus. Du ve
rfügst über starke analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten und ein herausragendes Qualitätsbewusstsein. Du bringst eine hohe intrinsische Motivatio
n mit, an der kompletten Prozessstrecke von Data Engineering bis zur Produktivsetzung von Modellen mitzuarbeiten. Als emphatische, verantwortungsvolle
 und selbstständige Persönlichkeit zeigst du ausgeprägte Kommunikationsfähigkeiten im Umgang mit verschiedenen technischen und fachlichen Stakeholdern
 und begegnest diesen mit einer gesunden Portion Hartnäckigkeit und Durchsetzungsvermögen.   Auskünfte Gerne beantwortet Daniela Schmidt, Senior Data 
Scientist, Telefon 071 231 48 54, deine Fragen.  Bewerbung www.sgkb.ch/karriere, Claudia Ganz, Leiterin Personal Betreuung  KontaktSt. Galler Kantonal
bank(1)15 Jobshttps://www.sgkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist mit Schwerpunkt KI Kanton Basel-Stadt PräsidialdepartementBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Basel  60%-100% Präsidialdepartement, Statistisches Amt 01.06.2024 oder nach Vereinbar
ung  Ihre Aufgaben   Data Science: Die Analyse von komplexen Datensätzen gehört ebenso zu deinen Tätigkeiten wie die Bewertung neuer Technologien und 
Methoden im Bereich der Datenwissenschaften und der künstlichen Intelligenz.  Machine Learning & KI: Du entwickelst und implementierst Machine Learnin
g-Modelle zur Analyse großer Datenmengen und leitest die Evaluation, die Installation und das Finetuning von lokal installierten Large Language Models
 (LLM).  Advanced Analytics: Du wendest Methoden der Advanced Analytics auf strukturierte und unstrukturierte Daten an und trägst zur Wissensvermittlu
ng dieser Methoden an die Mitarbeitenden der kantonalen Verwaltung bei.    Ihr Profil   Erfahrung: Data Science ist dein Fachgebiet. Du hast Erfahrung
 in der Analyse von grossen Datenbeständen unter Mithilfe von Elementen der künstlichen Intelligenz sowie der Entwicklung und Implementierung von Mach
ine Learning-Modellen.  Persönlichkeit: Du arbeitest mit Freude in verschiedenen Projekten mit thematisch unterschiedlichen Schwerpunkten. Du erledigs
t deine Aufgaben verantwortungsbewusst und speditiv. Du bist initiativ und kontaktfreudig. Teamarbeit beflügelt dich.  Ausbildung: Du verfügst über ei
n abgeschlossenes Studium mit quantitativem Schwerpunkt auf Masterstufe.  Sprache: Du hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python, R und ähnlicher 
Software.    Einblick in unsere Arbeit  Das Statistische Amt des Kantons Basel-Stadt ist als Teil des Präsidialdepartements zuständig für die Bereitst
ellung von statistischen Informationen. Zu seinem Aufgabenbereich gehört auch die Führung der Fachstelle für offene Behördendaten. Transparent, verläs
slich und mit Leidenschaft für Daten, erstellt das Amt Statistiken zu diversen Themenbereichen: von Gesellschaft über Umwelt bis hin zu Arbeit. Diese 
Statistiken dienen dazu, Basel-Stadt und die kantonalen Angebote auf einer objektiven Basis bewerten und gezielt weiterentwickeln zu können. Darüber h
inaus bietet das Statistische Amt Dienstleistungen im Bereich Data Science und Data Management für andere Dienststellen der kantonalen Verwaltung an. 
Dazu zählen die Entwicklung von fachspezifischen Prognosemodellen ebenso wie die Analyse von verschiedensten Datenbeständen und Aufbereitung der Infor
mationen mittels moderner Visualisierungsformen und Dashboards.     Arbeiten Sie im Herzen von Basel  Unsere zentral gelegenen Standorte sind zu Fuss,
 mit dem Velo und mit den öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln gut erreichbar.  Nutzen Sie Ihre Talente und Ihr Potenzial  Wir unterstützen Ihr berufliches Vo
rankommen mit einer Vielzahl von Weiterbildungs- und Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten über alle Lebensphasen hinweg.  Vereinbaren Sie Ihren Beruf mit Ihrem P
rivatleben  Wir unterstützen Sie dabei bestmöglich mit Gleitzeit, Teilzeit und Homeoffice bis hin zu Jahres- und Vertrauensarbeitszeit sowie Jobsharin
g-Möglichkeiten.   Ihr Kontakt    Fragen zur Funktion   Jonas Eckenfels Stv. Leiter Statistisches Amt Tel. +41 61 267 87 48     Fragen zu Ihrer Bewerb
ung   Dr. Lukas Mohler Leiter Statistisches Amt Tel. +41 61 267 87 53      Vielseitig.Arbeiten für Basel-Stadt. Etwas ist all unseren mehr als 11’000 
Mitarbeitenden gemeinsam: Sie engagieren sich am Puls der Stadt, indem sie unterstützen, befähigen, lenken, gestalten und schützen. So tragen sie mit 
ihrem Einsatz jeden Tag dazu bei, Basel-Stadt lebens- und liebenswert zu machen. Genauso vielfältig wie unsere Aufgaben sind unsere Mitarbeitenden sow
ie Ihre Möglichkeiten. Willkommen im Team des Kantons Basel-Stadt!   KontaktKanton Basel-Stadt Präsidialdepartement(0)4 Jobshttps://www.bs.chBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Controller:in "Business Intelligence" Interdiscount | microspot.chBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Bernstrasse 90, 3303 Jegenstorf80 - 100%  Arbeiten, wo neue Ideen entstehen Wir von Interdis
count bieten unseren Kundinnen und Kunden das beste Einkaufserlebnis in der Schweiz. Engagiere dich in einem dynamischen und unternehmerisch geprägten
 Arbeitsumfeld. Übernimm Verantwortung, sei mit uns initiativ und entwickle dich weiter.  Stellenantritt  Per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung  Aufgaben 
    Du verantwortest die erfolgreiche Steuerung vom Verkaufspreiscontrolling und Market-Insights, Ad-Hoc Analysen und nimmst die Stellvertretung deine
r Kolleginnen und Kollegen wahr, welche die Wertschöpfungsinstrumente (Absatz, oder Warenfluss, Promotionen) verantworten   Du bist verantwortlich für
 die Anforderungsklärung, Steuerung, Bearbeitung und termingerechte Ausführung der Prozesse, Aufgaben und Projekte. Du hast eine ausgeprägte Affinität
 zur Datenvalidierung, Analyse von Geschäftsprozessen, Automatisierung von Prozessen und Erstellung dynamischer KPI-Dashboards unter Anwendung von Dat
a-Science-Methoden. Du nutzt mathematische und statistische Methoden zur Identifizierung von Anomalien, Mustern sowie signifikanten Erkenntnissen und 
kannst diese Ergebnisse entscheidungsunterstützend aufbereiten. Du verstehst es, Hypothesen und Herausforderungen des Geschäftsalltags mittels Daten i
n analytische Modelle zu übersetzen und kannst die relevanten Erkenntnisse zielgruppengerecht präsentieren. Du agierst in diversen Projekten interdisz
iplinär sowie unternehmensübergreifend. Du kannst flexibel kurzfristige Anfragen zügig bearbeiten und professionelle Ergebnisse aufzeigen.   Anforderu
ngen     Du hast ein abgeschlossenes Studium der Statistik, Mathematik, Data Science, (quantitativen) VWL / BWL, Informatik oder eines verwandten Stud
ienganges abgeschlossen. Du bist eine belastbare Persönlichkeit, der es Freude bereitet, im Spagat zwischen Tagesgeschäft und Projektauftrag zu agiere
n und möchtest dich kontinuierlich weiterentwickeln. Du hast Freude daran, im Team zu arbeiten und kannst entscheidende Beiträge zum Erfolg leisten. D
u bist motiviert, mit deinem analytischen Denkvermögen herausfordernde wirtschaftliche Fragestellungen quantitativ zu lösen und zielgruppengerecht zu 
beantworten. Du bist sicher im Umgang mit analytischer Programmiersprache und besitzt Programmiererfahrung in Python sowie die Bereitschaft, dich in f
ortgeschrittene Pakete und neue Programme einzuarbeiten. Du hast bereits Kompetenzen im Bereich Projektmanagement aufgebaut oder möchtest diese erlern
en. Optimalerweise hast du bereits erste Berufserfahrung gesammelt oder ein Praktikum im Umfeld Data Science absolviert. Du bringst sehr gute Sprachke
nntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch mit (Französisch und Italienisch von Vorteil). Eine selbstständige, strukturierte und effiziente Arbeitsweise ist für
 dich selbstverständlich. Du bist eine flexible sowie engagierte Persönlichkeit.   Deine Ansprechperson  der Coop Genossenschaft  Federica Blumetti HR
 Marketing+41 31 764 42 68 KontaktInterdiscount(6)5 Jobshttps://www.interdiscount.ch/deBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Scientist/in Schweizer Armee - Armeestab A StabBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festan
stellung Arbeitsort:IttigenDie Schweizer Armee - Armeestab A Stab sucht: 80%-100% / Ittigen   Ihr Einsatz für Sicherheit und Freiheit Sind Data Scienc
e, konstruktive Simulation, Operations Research und Machine Learning für Sie keine Fremdwörter? Dann sind Sie bei uns richtig. Helfen Sie mit bei der 
Bereitstellung daten- und simulationsbasierter Entscheidungsgrundlagen für die Armee- und die Armeestabsführung. Sie leisten einen substantiellen Beit
rag, um die Anwendung obengenannter Themen in unserem Team aktiv mitzugestalten.   Ihre Aufgaben      Das hauseigene Tool für die konstruktive Simulat
ion von Systemen der Armee weiterentwickeln Aktive Teilnahme in internationalen NATO/PfP Arbeitsgruppen Vorhaben sowie die Entwicklung von Operations-
Research-Modellen für deskriptive, prädiktive und präskriptive Analysen abstimmen, koordinieren und beraten Machine-Learning-Modelle zur Automatisieru
ng von Prozessen im Rahmen der Digitalisierung des Portfolios Verteidigung entwickeln Die Erweiterung und Instandhaltung der hauseigenen Recheninfrast
ruktur für Simulationen und Data Science unterstützen    Ihr Profil      Hochschulabschluss (MSc. vorzugsweise mit Promotion) in Naturwissenschaften, 
Mathematik, Informatik oder in verwandten Gebieten Umfassende Erfahrung in der selbstständigen Implementation und Anwendung von wissenschaftlichen Sim
ulationen, in Machine-Learning-Methoden, in mathematischer Modellierung und/oder in stochastischen Optimierungsverfahren Expertise in Python, C++, Jav
ascript, HTML, in der Anwendung von Open-Source-Bibliotheken, in Datenbanken, in Linux-Betriebssystemen und in der Implementation von Softwarelösungen
 Ausgewiesene Erfahrung und Bereitschaft selbstständig Lösungen für neue Probleme zu suchen und diese im Rahmen einer Teamarbeit erfolgreich umzusetze
n Gute aktive Kenntnisse mindestens einer zweiten Amtssprache und passive Kenntnisse einer dritten Amtssprache    Zusätzliche Informationen   Ihr neue
r Chef beantwortet Ihre Fragen gerne:Zenon Mathews, Dr, MSc ETHTeamleiter Data Science und Modellierung E-Mail schreiben, +41 58 460 26 08 Eine Anstel
lung bei der Schweizer Armee macht Sinn und bringt viele Vorteile mit sich. Überzeugen Sie sich auf  armee.ch/vorteile  .   Über uns   Der Armeestab (
A Stab) unterstützt den Chef der Armee in der Führung des Departementsbereichs Verteidigung und verantwortet die militärische Gesamtplanung und -entwi
cklung der Schweizer Armee. Hier werden gemäss den politischen Vorgaben die strategischen Grundlagen, die Streitkräfteentwicklung und die Armee- und R
üstungsplanung erarbeitet sowie Aufgaben im internationalen Sicherheitskontext wahrgenommen. Die Führung, Steuerung und Koordination sämtlicher übergr
eifender Querschnittsbereiche (Personal, Finanzen, Immobilien) fallen ebenfalls in den Zuständigkeitsbereich des Armeestabs. Die Schweizer Armee besch
äftigt über 9'000 Mitarbeitende in vier militärischen und rund 200 zivilen Berufen – und dies an 140 Standorten schweizweit. Auch für den Nachwuchs is
t gesorgt: Die Schweizer Armee bildet in über 30 Berufen Lernende aus. Schermenwaldstrasse 13, 3063 Ittigen Die Bundesverwaltung achtet die unterschie
dlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mitarbeitenden und fördert deren Vielfalt. Gleichbehandlung geniesst höchste Priorität. Frauen sind in
 unserer Verwaltungseinheit untervertreten. Ihre Bewerbungen sind deshalb besonders willkommen.KontaktBundesverwaltung(36)162 Jobshttps://www.admin.ch
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist Technology & Innovation Center (a) Stelle Thermoplan AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Muttersprache), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Thermoplanplatz, 6353 Weggis Unser Angebot   Dein Arbeitsalltag ist g
eprägt von Vertrauen, Authentizität und Perspektive Bei uns trägst du von Beginn an Verantwortung Du erfasst deine Arbeitszeit und kompensierst jede M
inute über deine vertraglich vereinbarte Sollzeit Finanzielle Unterstützung für deine Aus- und Weiterbildung, damit du deinen Bildungsweg mit Leichtig
keit und Freude gestalten kannst Arbeitsfrei an deinem Geburtstag? Klar, dieser Tag gehört dir Kaffee & Mittagessen All Inclusive Erfolge werden gemei
nsam gefeiert, denn jeder Thermoplan-Erfolg ist der Verdienst jedes einzelnen Mitarbeitenden  Data Scientist Technology & Innovation Center (a)     De
ine Aufgaben   Du erarbeitest im Team spannende neue Lösungen für die Thermoplan-Geräte von morgen und übermorgen In interdisziplinären technischen Pr
ojekten kannst du deine Fähigkeiten als Data Scientist aktiv einbringen. Du bist motiviert Modellierungsaufgaben wahrzunehmen und Lösungen zuverlässig
 und effizient bereitzustellen Mit Weitsicht arbeitest du mit Hochschulen, Spezialisten und weiteren Knowhow-Trägern zusammen     Dein Profil   Abgesc
hlossenes Data Science- oder Informatik-Studium auf Stufe Master (oder vergleichbare Fachrichtung) Berufserfahrung im Bereich Data Science und idealer
weise im Bereich Softwareentwicklung Vertiefte Python sowie ML-Library Kenntnisse Vertiefte Kenntnisse im Bereich der objektorientierten Programmierun
g, idealerweise in C++ Kenntnisse im Bereich MLOps/ DEVOps Begeisterung für die Modellbildung für technische Anwendungen mit Umsetzung auf physischen 
Geräten Sehr gute Deutschkenntnisse sowie gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Ausgeprägtes Interesse an Forschung und Innovation Schnelle Auff
assungsgabe, Out of the box Thinker, aufgeschlossen gegenüber Neuerungen, initiativ und kreativ Teamfähige Persönlichkeit mit vernetztem und abteilung
sübergreifendem Denken Zuverlässig, ausdauernd, zielstrebig und selbstständig     Dein zukünftiger Alltag  Du startest deinen Tag in einem fokussierte
n interdisziplinären Team. Gemeinsam plant ihr die nächsten Schritte für wertvolle neue Technologien, um unsere Kunden von morgen und übermorgen zu be
geistern. Motiviert erarbeitest du mit deinen Data-Science-Kollegen Aufgaben, um den Innovationsgehalt der zukünftigen Thermoplan-Lösungen zu steigern
. Das kostenlose Mittagessen geniesst du mit deinen Arbeitskollegen im unternehmenseigenen Personalrestaurant. Nach einem erstklassigen Kaffee, geht's
 wieder an die Arbeit. Anhand neuer IoT-Daten aus der Thermoplan-Cloud verifizierst du deine neueste Lösung und planst die erforderlichen physikalisch
en Messungen für ein optimiertes Dataset. Nach dem Feierabend gönnst du dir auf dem Kursschiff Richtung Luzern ein Feierabendbier mit deinen Arbeitsko
llegen.    Warum (a) anstelle (m/w/d)?  Weil wir (a)lle ansprechen: egal ob gross oder klein, egal ob jung oder lebenserfahren, egal ob von nah oder v
on fern, egal ob Frau oder Mann oder Divers, und so vieles mehr ist uns absolut egal. Nicht egal sind deine Skills, deine Motivation und deine Begeist
erung, um mit uns durchzustarten!    Konnten wir dich begeistern?  Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (mit Gehaltsvorstellungen und möglicher Ve
rfügbarkeit) sendest du uns bitte online per Bewerbungsformular zu. Bei Fragen kannst du gerne Jonas Sandahl, +41 41 392 10 07, kontaktieren.    Warum
 (a) anstelle (m/w/d)?  Weil wir (a)lle ansprechen: egal ob gross oder klein, egal ob jung oder lebenserfahren, egal ob von nah oder von fern, egal ob
 Frau oder Mann oder Divers, und so vieles mehr ist uns absolut egal. Nicht egal sind deine Skills, deine Motivation und deine Begeisterung, um mit un
s durchzustarten! KontaktJonas SandahlRecruiting SpecialistE-Mail schreibenThermoplan AG(2)10 Jobshttps://www.thermoplan.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Entwicklungsingenieur für Systemsimulation (m/w/d) Rheinmetall Air Defence AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Zürich WOFÜR WIR SIE SUCHEN   Suchen Sie eine Tätigkeit mit Gestaltungsspielraum und Entw
icklungsmöglichkeiten? Dann sind Sie bei uns genau richtig! Wir bieten Ihnen ein dynamisches Umfeld mit der Möglichkeit, sich einzubringen und einen E
inblick in viele spannende Projekte zu bekommen.  Zu Ihren Aufgaben gehören insbesondere:  Erarbeiten von Systemlösungen und Durchführen von umfassend
en System-Simulationen Realisierungen von Feuerleitungen und intelligenten Ablaufsteuerungen in der Flugabwehr Anwenden von bekannten Werkzeugen und S
prachen aus dem Bereich Data Science, Signaltechnik und Machine/Deep Learning (Matlab, C++, Python) Designen von Softwaremodulen mit Model-Based Desig
n Ansatz Fachliches Führen von komplexen Entwicklungsaufgaben im Teamverbund Erstellen von System- und Schnittstellenspezifikationen Eigenständiges Er
arbeiten und Umsetzen von Softwarelösungen Mitarbeiten bei Erprobungen, Feldversuchen und Kundenabnahmen im In- und Ausland Auswerten von Testresultat
en sowie Verfassen von Studien und Berichten   WAS SIE MITBRINGEN SOLLTEN   Hochschulabschluss als Ingenieur in einem der folgenden Gebiete: Computer 
Science, Robotics, System and Control; Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnologie, Data Science, Maschineningenieurwissenschaften oder vergleichbare V
ertiefte Kenntnisse in Machine/Deep Learning, Signaltechnik, Optimierungen, Datenfusion Kenntnisse aus mindestens einem dieser Bereiche: Radartechnik,
 Lasertechnik, elektrische Motoren, Bildverarbeitung, Infrarottechnik, Echtzeitsysteme, Messtechnik Sehr gute Anwenderkenntnisse mit Matlab, idealerwe
ise auch C/C++, und typische SW Entwicklungstools (Git) Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Flexibilität für Kurzaufenthalte
 im Kundenland (wenige Tage bis einige Wochen) Hohe Selbstständigkeit und gleichzeitige Fähigkeit zur Zusammenarbeit in interdisziplinären und interku
lturellen Teams   WAS WIR IHNEN BIETEN   An unserem Standort in Zürich bieten wir Ihnen:   Flexible Arbeitszeiten (Gleit- und Vertrauensarbeitszeit); 
Home-Office, wo möglich und sinnvoll Sehr gute Sozialleistungen und ein erfolgsorientiertes Gehalt Sofort ab Eintritt im Krankheitsfall erfolgt die vo
lle Gehaltsfortzahlung (inkl. 13. Monatslohn) vom ersten bis max. zum 730. Tag Mitarbeitervorteile eines Großkonzerns, z. B. betriebliche Altersvorsor
ge, Mitarbeiteraktienkaufprogramm und gratis Grippeimpfung Förderung von bedarfsgerechter Weiterbildung Personalrestaurant sowie externe Verpflegungs-
 und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten in der Nähe Verschiedene Vergünstigungen (z.B. Versicherungsprodukte, Mobiltelefonabonnemente) Individuelle interne sowie e
xterne Personalentwicklungsmaßnahmen in Zusammenarbeit mit unserer Rheinmetall-Academy Case Management und individuelle Sozialbetreuung Arbeitsplatz w
enige Gehminuten vom Bahnhof Zürich-Oerlikon entfernt, Bushaltestelle vor dem Haus   KONTAKTDETAILS  Zuständige/r Ansprechpartner/in: Jascha Köster Fü
r Fragen zu Ihrer Bewerbung, nutzen Sie bitte das Kontaktformular.  Wir weisen darauf hin, dass Dossiers von Personalvermittlern nicht berücksichtigt 
werden. KontaktRheinmetall Air Defence AG(0)25 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Analytics Engineer 80 - 100% (w/m/d) St. Galler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:St. GallenFühlst du dich in der Datenwelt zu Hause? Liebst du es, in Daten zu graben, daraus neue E
rkenntnisse zu gewinnen und komplexe Problem zu lösen? Du hast eine grosse Affinität für Technologie und liebst es, ständig zu lernen und deine Fähigk
eiten zu verbessern? Du bevorzugst kleine Teams mit grosser Breite an Tätigkeiten? Dann komm zu uns und ergänze unser Data & Analytics Team in St. Gal
len vor Ort und im Homeoffice! Bei der St. Galler Kantonalbank erwartet dich ein spannender Arbeitsalltag mit flexiblen Arbeitszeiten, flachen Hierarc
hien und partnerschaftlichem Zugang zu Führungskräften.   Das wirst du bewirken   Als Brückenbauer ermöglichst du, Daten in wertvolle Erkenntnisse zu 
verwandeln. Du baust und optimierst Datenpipelines und stellst bereinigte und transformierte Datenprodukte für Analysezwecke und die Entwicklung von M
achine Learning Modellen bereit. Du unterstützt das Data Science Team beim Ausbau des Feature Stores. Du sorgst für den Überblick im Datendschungel un
d bist verantwortlich für die Überwachung der Datenqualität und die Nachvollziehbarkeit der Datenherkunft (Lineage) der von dir mitentwickelten Datenm
odelle. Du arbeitest eng mit unseren Data Scientisten, Business Analysten und anderen Stakeholdern zusammen, um deren Datenanforderungen zu erfüllen u
nd dabei zu helfen, datengesteuerte Entscheidungen zu treffen. Du vertrittst die SGKB in unternehmensübergreifenden Kooperationen.   Das bringst du mi
t   Dein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium z.B. in Naturwissenschaften, Computer Science, Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder eine vergleichbar
e Qualifikation hast du mit Praxiserfahrung in einer äquivalenten Position ergänzt. Deine sehr guten mündlichen und schriftlichen Deutschkenntnisse si
nd Voraussetzung für eine reibungslose Kommunikation mit deinen vielfältigen Anspruchsgruppen. Du verfügst über ein umfangreiches Wissen in der Datena
bfrage und Datenmodellierung mit SQL, Python und dbt, sowie in der Erstellung von Datenpipelines. Du hast ein grundlegendes Verständnis von Statistik,
 von Machine Learning Konzepten und bist mit den gängigen ML-Algorithmen vertraut. Du verstehst es verschiedene Visualisierungstools und -techniken zu
 benutzen, um Daten und Erkenntnisse zu präsentieren. Du verfügst über starke analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten und ein herausragendes Qualit
ätsbewusstsein. Als emphatische, verantwortungsvolle und selbstständige Persönlichkeit zeigst du ausgeprägte Kommunikationsfähigkeiten im Umgang mit v
erschiedenen technischen und fachlichen Stakeholdern und begegnest diesen mit einer gesunden Portion Hartnäckigkeit und Durchsetzungsvermögen.   Auskü
nfte Gerne beantwortet Daniela Schmidt, Senior Data Scientist, Telefon 071 231 48 54, deine Fragen.  Bewerbung www.sgkb.ch/karriere, Claudia Ganz, Lei
terin Personal Betreuung  KontaktSt. Galler Kantonalbank(1)15 Jobshttps://www.sgkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d) Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Praktik
umSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Grubenstrasse 49, 8045 ZürichWe are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Pr
oduct Management team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribut
e to the development of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate clos
ely with experienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.Zürich
 Swiss Life AG  Das bieten wir     Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and implement machine learn
ing and AI features for our products. Contribute to the development of AI-driven solutions by utilizing data science and machine learning techniques. 
Assist in creating and maintaining advanced Python-based code for product development. Participate in the planning and execution of software developme
nt projects, adhering to agile methodologies. Explore and implement LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases to enhance product capabilities. Wor
k with cross-functional teams to integrate Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services into our product ecosystem. Collaborate in the complete software pro
duct development lifecycle, from ideation to deployment. Contribute to product documentation, training materials, and knowledge sharing within the tea
m   Deine Stärken     Bachelor's degree (or candidate) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field. Experience in data science a
nd machine learning. Solid skills in Python programming. Experience with at least one of the following programming languages: C, C#, C++, Java. Knowle
dge of LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases. Fluent English communication skills, both written and verbal, German is a plus Familiarity with 
Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services Understanding of the agile software product development lifecycle Strong problem-solving skills and ability to 
work effectively in a collaborative team environment   Dein Kontakt  Linda Fackelmayer So bewirbst du dich  Über Swiss Life  We are seeking a dynamic 
and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Management team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique
 opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the development of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of softw
are product management. The intern will collaborate closely with experienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to t
he growth and innovation of our AI-based products.KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ueber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merke
nDiesen Job melden


Analyst in Business Versicherung 80 - 100% (m/w/d) Universal-Job AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Luzern   Was ist meine Funktion?  Zum Herzstück: In Projekten und Initiativen bist du verantwortli
ch für die Business Analyse im Konzernbereich Leistungen, Produkte und Health Services. Du erhebst Fachanforderungen und schaffst eine solide Entschei
dungsgrundlage für den Freigabe- und Umsetzungsprozess. Die Aufgabenpalette ist so vielfältig wie spannend: Du durchleuchtest Geschäftsobjekte und -pr
ozesse, deckst Potenziale zur Verbesserung auf, entwickelst Lösungen zur Prozessoptimierung und unterstützt bei der Umsetzung von Prozessänderungen. M
ithilfe von DWH-Abfragen erstellst du Mengengerüste für Business Cases und Impact Analysen. Als Bindeglied zwischen Fachbereich und IT trägst du wesen
tlich zum Projekterfolg bei.  Was brauche ich, um erfolgreich zu sein?  Wir zählen auf deine Expertise: Du bringst eine höhere Aus- oder Weiterbildung
 in Wirtschaftsinformatik mit oder eine abgeschlossene Berufsbildung mit mindestens 10 Jahren ausgewiesener Erfahrung in der Business Analyse oder Req
uirements Engineering. Zudem verfügst du über Zertifizierungen wie IIBA oder IREB. Vielleicht hast du sogar Erfahrung als Prozessberater/in, Business 
Architect oder Testanalyst im Umfeld der agilen Software-Entwicklung? Dazu gehören Erhebungs- und Dokumentationsverfahren für Fachanforderungen sowie 
Modellierungstechniken von Geschäftsprozessen und -objekten.  Du kennst Programmiersprachen für Data Science wie SQL oder R und kannst Business Intell
igence Tools wie Power BI anwenden? Umso besser!  Was sind meine Vorteile?  Freue dich auf eine spannende und herausfordernde Tätigkeit in einem etabl
ierten und fest verankerten Schweizer Unternehmen wo du deinen Arbeitsalltag selbständig gestalten kannst.  Was zeichnet das Unternehmen aus?  Unser K
unde ist eine leistungsstarke und kompetente Krankenkasse.  Sprachen Deutsch: C2 - Muttersprachliches Niveau   Arbeitsort Luzern  Vakanz-Nummer QMU-MA
K  KontaktUniversal-Job AG(0)401 Jobshttps://universaljob.ch/deBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist (f/m/d)Bechtle Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:12 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Chemin L
ouis-Hubert 1, 1213 Petit-Lancy  Be your best with Bechtle    Avec plus de 14 000 employés, nous sommes l'une des entreprises informatiques les plus p
rospères et les leaders du marché dans  notre secteur.L'association de la vente directe de produits informatiques et d'une gamme complète de prestatio
ns de services proposée par les différentes sociétés de services informatiques fait de nous un partenaire informatique fort et porteur d'avenir (« zuk
unftsstark ») pour les entreprises moyennes, les grands groupes et le secteur public. Nous sommes chez nous dans toute l'Europe et toujours près de ch
ez vous.  Avec plus de 15 000 employés, nous sommes l'une des entreprises informatiques les plus prospères et les leaders du marché dans notre secteur
.   Pour l'un de nos clients du domaine public à Genève, nous recherchons un·e Data Scientist  Ta mission        Collecter, nettoyer, et préparer des 
données de sources variées pour assurer des analyses précises. Appliquer des techniques statistiques et des algorithmes d'apprentissage automatique po
ur développer des modèles performants en Deep Learning, Computer Vision, et traitement du langage naturel. Conduire des analyses exploratoires pour id
entifier des tendances et des corrélations dans les données qui peuvent influencer les décisions stratégiques. Évaluer et ajuster la performance des m
odèles pour garantir leur efficacité en production. Collaborer avec les équipes de développement pour l'intégration et le déploiement sécurisé des mod
èles.    Ton profil    Diplômé en statistiques, mathématiques, informatique ou dans un domaine similaire, avec au minimum 5 ans d'expérience en data s
cience. Maîtrise avancée de Python et Jupyter, ainsi que des bibliothèques spécialisées telles que TensorFlow, PyTorch, et Scikit-learn. Compétences a
pprofondies en traitement du langage naturel, machine learning et deep learning, utilisées pour développer des solutions innovantes. Expertise dans la
 gestion et l'analyse de grandes bases de données avec une compréhension approfondie des méthodes statistiques et des algorithmes d'optimisation. Auto
nomie dans la conception, le développement et le déploiement d'algorithmes et de modèles de data science, avec une capacité avérée à intégrer ces modè
les dans des applications opérationnelles.   Notre proposition  Conditions de travail avantageuses : 6 semaines de vacances par an et un plan de prévo
yance attractif  Modern Workplace : dernières technologies et environnement de travail moderne Diversité : des tâches intéressantes et changeantes dan
s un secteur tourné vers l'avenir    Numéro d'emploi : ZYQQX192  Kevin Brosse | +41 21 632 68 11 |     Bechtle Suisse SA  Bechtle Suisse SA dispose de
 compétences certifiées dans les domaines stratégiques : Infrastructure IT, Virtualisation, Information Management, Managed Services, Skills Managemen
t, Data& Analytics, Printing Solutions et E-Commerce. Grâce à ces compétences et à de solides et durables partenariats avec les principaux acteurs du 
marché, nous proposons une gamme modulaire et parfaitement cohérente de produits et de services pour couvrir l'ensemble des besoins de nos clients. No
tre proximité, notre vision globale de l'infrastructure et de la gestion de projets font de nous un acteur incontournable du marché. Nos 1000 collabor
ateurs motivés sont nos meilleurs atouts pour assurer rapidité, flexibilité et expertise.KontaktBechtle Suisse SA(0)12 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Analyste de données marketing et intelligence d'affaires Transports publics genevois (TPG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 Mai 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärArbeitsort:Rond-Point de Rive 1, 1204 Genève Grâce aux plus de 2'200 collaborateurs-trices, nous sommes un acteur de référen
ce de la mobilité dans la région genevoise en œuvrant quotidiennement au service de la collectivité. Afin d'améliorer le quotidien du plus grand nombr
e, nous sommes amenés à nous développer sans cesse. C'est pour cela qu'aux Transports Publics Genevois, nous comptons sur nos talents et pourquoi pas 
bientôt sur vous ? Nous tenons à offrir à tous nos collaborateurs-trices :  un cadre de travail flexible et innovant des perspectives de carrière dyna
miques et évolutives des conditions sociales attractives  Chez nous, tout le monde est le bienvenu et nous sommes persuadés que votre place est ici. E
tes-vous prêt-e pour cette nouvelle expérience ? Alors rejoignez-nous !  Dans le cadre du développement du domaine Marketing, Vente et Communication, 
nous mettons au concours un poste d'      Analyste de données marketing et intelligence d'affaires  (Contrat de durée maximale 2 ans)       Votre miss
ion Analyser et valoriser les données à disposition de l'entreprise en les transformant en informations fiables et exploitables, proposer des solution
s permettant de stimuler le chiffre d'affaires, améliorer la performance et contribuer aux objectifs stratégiques de l'entreprise.    Vos responsabili
tés principales    Identifier, recueillir et traiter les données structurées et non structurées provenant des systèmes d'information tpg ou de source 
externe, les filtrer et les consolider afin d'établir des indicateurs pertinents pour l'analyse de ces données, participer à l'identification des dysf
onctionnements ou moyens de collecter de nouvelles données en provenance d'autres sources ainsi qu'à la définition des recommandations ou solutions, a
nalyser les données afin d'identifier les opportunités ou mesurer les écarts de performance et leurs causes, définir un plan d'actions avec la collabo
ration de l'expertise métier selon les indicateurs établis, communiquer les rapports de synthèse d'analyse de données avec les préconisations définies
, gérer les outils d'analyse et leur évolution,  construire et faire évoluer les rapports d'analyse et tableaux de bord afin de permettre aux parties 
prenantes d'avoir une vision cohérente sur les résultats d'activité, mener des études de marché, construire des modèles prédictifs et participer au dé
veloppement de l'architecture IT, suivre, mettre à jour et adapter les modèles de répartition des recettes et charges des communautés tarifaires, être
 le référent métier la gestion des données collectées.     Votre profil   Formation universitaire ou jugée équivalente, avec orientation statistique, 
économétrie et/ou informatique, une spécialisation en traitement de données est un atout (data science, data engineering, data visualisation), connais
sances approfondies de techniques statistiques et de datamining, des langages de bases de données SQL, des outils d'analyses de donnée, de Data Visual
isation et de de programmation pour faciliter le post traitement et application du machine learning, minimum 5 années d'expérience professionnelle dan
s une entreprise de services, dont 3 ans en qualité d'analyste marketing et/ou business intelligence, analyste données ou poste équivalent, une expéri
ence pratique en data science et data visualisation ou de modélisation prédictive et/ou prescriptive est un atout, connaissances juridiques et régleme
ntaires de la gestion de données, excellente organisation, rigueur dans le suivi des dossiers et respect des délais, forte orientation résultats, forc
e de proposition, réactivité, excellentes aptitudes relationnelles et rédactionnelles, aisance à parler en public.     Êtes-vous intéressé-e ?  Si vou
s êtes intéressé-e par cette belle opportunité professionnelle et que vous répondez aux exigences définies, vous êtes invité-e à nous adresser votre d
ossier de candidature complet.Nous nous appliquons à réduire au maximum notre impact sur l'environnement, c'est pourquoi nous acceptons uniquement les
 dossiers complets reçus sur notre plateforme de recrutement.     KontaktTransports publics genevois (TPG)(0)7 Jobshttps://www.tpg.ch/BewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Business Data Analyst:in (alle) BKW Energie AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 60%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:
Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Viktoriaplatz 2, 3013 BernWerde Teil unseres Teams und unterstütze dank deinen aussagekräftigen Da
tenvisualisierungen und fundierten Analysen die Marktbearbeitung unseres Commodity Sales Teams!  Dein Gestaltungsraum      In dieser vielseitigen Funk
tion gewährleistest du den Betrieb und die Weiterentwicklung der Reporting- und Dashboard-Landschaft innerhalb des Geschäftsbereichs Energy Markets mi
ttels Microsoft Power BI Damit stellst du die Transparenz und die Messbarkeit der relevanten Kenngrössen für die Steuerung des Commodity Business sich
er Du bewirtschaftest selbstständig den Datahub, welcher die Datenbasis unserer Analysen bildet, erweiterst die Datenentitäten und setzt die Zugriffss
truktur für konzerninterne Power BI Entwickler um Diesen bietest du zudem Unterstützung bei Erweiterungen und Problemlösungen ihrer Power BI Reports  
  Das bringst du mit      Du kannst einen Hochschulabschluss (FH, Universität) in den Fachrichtungen Data Science, Mathematik, BWL oder angrenzenden G
ebieten vorweisen Du hast mindestens drei Jahre Berufserfahrung im Bereich der Datenanalyse und -visualisierung. Deine sehr guten Kenntnisse von Micro
soft Power BI inklusive der DAX-Programmiersprache verbindest du mit ausgeprägten analytischen Fähigkeiten und einem Flair für Zahlen Du hast sehr gut
e Kenntnisse der MS Office-Palette und ergänzt diese idealerweise mit Kenntnissen in SQL Für diese Position sind sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch
 und gute Kenntnisse der englischen Sprache vorausgesetzt; Französischkenntnisse sind zudem von Vorteil   Fragen zur Bewerbung  Florian Witschi Recrui
ting Partner +41 79 429 42 77  Fragen zur Stelle  Gregor Hausammann Leiter Customer Intelligence & Steering +41 79 935 12 46   Darauf kannst du dich f
reuen   Als verantwortungsvolle Arbeitgeberin bieten wir:  faire und marktorientierte Vergütung flexible Arbeitsmodelle massgeschneiderte Aus- und Wei
terbildungsmöglichkeiten umfassendes Gesundheitsmanagement eine fortschrittliche Infrastruktur    Über uns   Die BKW bietet ihren Kundinnen und Kunden
 international Gesamtlösungen in den Bereichen Energie, Gebäude und Infrastruktur an. Wir beschäftigen rund 11'500 Mitarbeitende. Gemeinsam bauen wir 
Netze, produzieren Energie, planen und realisieren energieeffiziente Gebäude und gestalten nachhaltige Lebensräume von morgen.Dazu brauchen wir Sie: M
enschen mit Ideen und Engagement. Leisten Sie mit uns einen wertvollen Beitrag für die Gesellschaft und unsere Umwelt!   Dein Arbeitsort   Bern  Remot
e work  teilweise möglich KontaktBKW AG(3)30 Jobshttps://www.bkw.ch/jobs-karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business and Data Integration Engineer (a) Schulthess Produktion AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Landstrasse 37, 8633 Wolfhausen  Schulthess ist seit 1845 die führende Schweizer Unternehmensgrupp
e in der Waschtechnik. Unser Unternehmen steht für Innovation in der Wäschepflege und geht als Pionier neue Wege. Wir entwickeln und produzieren in de
r Schweiz qualitativ hochwertige Maschinen, Anlagen und Systemlösungen für private, gewerbliche und industrielle Kunden. Der wirtschaftliche und ökolo
gische Umgang mit Ressourcen und die konsequente Ausrichtung auf die Nachhaltigkeit sind unser Anspruch und die Basis unserer starken Marktposition. W
ir arbeiten in Leistungsteams und in einem Klima der Exzellenz eines Weltklasseunternehmens.   Als Verstärkung für unser Team suchen wir eine/n     Bu
siness and Data Integration Engineer 60-100% (a)     Ihre Aufgaben   Analyse, Modelierung und Optimierung von bestehenden und neuen bereichsübergreife
nden Business Prozessen zur Sicherstellung der effizienten und durchgängigen Digitalisierung Spezifizierung und Implementierung neuer Data Flows, Date
nmodellen, Datentransformationen und Datenvalidierungen mit Überwachung und Optimierung der bestehenden via der zentralen Datenintegrationsplattform M
itarbeit bei der Verwaltung und der kontinuierlichen Weiterentwicklung der zentralen Datenintegrationsplattform für eine performante und skalierbare A
nbindung der internen sowie externen Umsystemen Entwerfen und erstellen von Berichten sowie analysieren und interpretieren von Daten-/Infrastruktur-Tr
ends und Mustern zur Verbesserung der Geschäftsabläufe Pflege von Dokumentationen und Datenkatalogen     Ihr Profil   Universität / Hochschulabschluss
 in Richtung Data Science, Business Analytics, oder Informatik mit Vertiefung in diesen Bereichen Mehrjährige Arbeitserfahrung in einem interdisziplin
ären Umfeld bevorzugt im Industriesektor Gute Kenntnisse im Bereich von Datenbanken, Middleware (Talend), Webservices, Containervirtualisierung, Softw
areentwicklung sowie der Ökonometrie. Gute Kenntnisse im Bereich von Prozessmodellierungen mit BPMN Growth-Mindset für die Sicherstellung der Integrat
ion der neusten Industrie-Trends und Best-Practices Freude am analytischen und systematischen Denken in einer bereichsübergreifenden Funktion Erfahrun
g im agilen Projektmanagement mit Jira Gute Kommunikation in Deutsch und Englisch Know-How im Bereich MS-Fabric, DWH, KI und Machine Learning von Vort
eil     Unser Angebot   Motivierendes und innovatives Umfeld in einer erfolgreichen Unternehmensgruppe Spannende Tätigkeit mit Möglichkeit zur Weitere
ntwicklung Einsatz von modernster Technologien und neusten Arbeitsmethodiken Moderner Arbeitsplatz Hybrides Arbeiten in einer 40h Woche Attraktive Ans
tellungsbedingungen (Mind. 5 Wochen Ferien, uvm.) Diverse weitere spannende Nebenleistungen      Wenn Sie an dieser abwechslungsreichen und verantwort
ungsvollen Tätigkeit interessiert sind, freut sich Frau Kristin Lucarelli auf die Zustellung Ihrer Bewerbungsunterlagen inkl. Lohnvorstellung.   Krist
in Lucarelli · HR Business Partner Schulthess Produktion AG Landstrasse 37 · 8633 Wolfhausen+41 55 253 52 06     KontaktSchulthess Produktion AG(8)6 J
obshttps://www.schulthess.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Process Solutions IWB Industrielle Werke BaselBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:PraktikumAr
beitsort:Basel  Manche, die schon lange bei IWB dabei sind, finden, dass hier zu arbeiten noch nie so viel Spass gemacht hat. Ob Photovoltaik-Anlage, 
Wärmepumpe oder Ladestation fürs E-Auto - wir bieten alles aus einer Hand. Das macht unsere Arbeit ganz schön bunt. Mindestens so wichtig ist der wund
erbare Teamgeist. Dieser kommt nicht von ungefähr. Wir unternehmen nämlich einiges, damit das so ist - und bleibt.  Freue dich auf spannende Aufgaben:
     Setze deine Fähigkeiten bei der strategischen Weiterentwicklung des unternehmensweiten Business Process Managements (BPM) sowie der Überarbeitung
 der IWB Prozesslandschaft zu End-to-End (E2E) orientierten Geschäftsprozessen ein. Wirke bei der Modellierung von unternehmensweiten Geschäftsprozess
en mit und bringe deine Ideen zur Analyse und Optimierung ein. Unterstütze bei der Vorbereitung und Begleitung von internen und externen Qualitätsmana
gementaudits (ISO 9001 und ISO 14001). Arbeite in vielseitigen Projekten und Mandaten innerhalb des Finanzbereichs und von IWB (u.a. Automatisierung d
urch Workflows oder RPA, Process Mining, Machine Learning) mit. Übernehme delegierte administrative und organisatorische Aufgaben des Teams.   Damit m
achst du uns noch besser:     Du befindest dich in der Endphase deines Bachelors oder im Masterstudium (oder Abschluss innerhalb der letzten 12 Monate
) mit der Fachrichtung Wirtschaftsinformatik, Betriebswirtschaft, Data Science oder vergleichbaren Fachrichtungen Idealerweise hast du Erfahrung mit d
er Modellierung nach BPMN 2.0, im Workflow Management, mit Audits im Rahmen von ISO 9001 und/oder in BPM-Umsetzungsprojekten. Transparente und offene 
Kommunikation lebst du selbstverständlich. Du begeisterst dich für neue Technologien und weisst, wie du mit diesen deine Produktivität und Effizienz a
uf ein neues Level hebst. Modernes Projektmanagement und kunden- und prozessorientiertes Arbeiten treibt dich an.   Davon profitierst du:     Aufbruch
sstimmung und viel frischem Wind in der ganzen IWB. Es lebe der Sport - bei uns gibt's jede Menge Möglichkeiten dazu. Positiver "Groove", auch Humor u
nd Lachen kommen nicht zu kurz. Hallo Mensch! Wir sind erfrischend unkompliziert und du triffst bei uns auf sympathische Menschen - lerne sie  hier   
kennen. Wir haben noch viel mehr zu bieten, schau einfach mal  hier   vorbei.   Dein Arbeitsort:   Bei Fragen für dich da  Laura Buikema Leiterin Nach
wuchs +41 61 275 50 71 https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurabuikema/ Wunderbar, dann freuen wir uns auf deine Bewerbung! Das Motivationsschreiben ist opti
onal. Wenn du zuerst noch ein paar Fragen hast, her damit. Stefanie Rütten, Senior Business Process Engineer, ist vielleicht schon bald deine Chefin u
nd unter +41 61 275 59 51 gerne für dich da.  IWB Industrielle Werke Basel4002 Basel  KontaktIWB Industrielle Werke Basel(6)16 Jobshttps://www.iwb.chB
ewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Finance automation officer BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Französisch (Fliessend)
, Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:GlandBuilding the bank of tomorrow takes more than skills.It means combining our differences to imagine, discuss, co
de, develop, test, learn... and celebrate every step together. Share our vibes? Join Swissquote to unleash your potential. We are the Swiss Leader in 
Online Banking and we provide trading, investing and banking services to+500'000 clients, through our performant and secured digital platforms. Our +1
000 employees work in a flexible way, without dress code and in multicultural teams.By having a huge impact on the industry, they are growing their sk
ills portfolio and boosting their career in a fast-pace environment Are you all in? Don't be shy, apply!We are seeking a motivated and talented master
's student to join our team for a project. Under the guidance of our experienced professionals. You will have the opportunity to contribute to real-wo
rld projects and gain valuable hands-on experience in finance and in technology banking.  In-house Management Tools: Leverage your programming experti
se to enhance internal systems and processes in the areas of accounting and financial controlling Reporting: Contribute to the automation of internal 
and external processes and regulatory reporting Financial Analysis: Conduct data-driven financial analysis to support decision-making Ad-hoc Projects:
 Participate in transversal projects in collaboration with various stakeholders within the bank   Qualifications   Master's degree in a Quantitative f
ield, Computer Science or Data Science Expertise in Python for data analysis is a must Knowledgeable in JavaScript, HTML, Django and CSS for web devel
opment and data visualization Excellent command of MS Excel (including VBA) Fluent in French and/or in English Strong analytical and problem-solving s
kills Proactive mindset, with ability to work independently in a collaborative environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Self-driv
en with a "can do" attitude  SQ1BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Marketing-Assistent*in Zellweger Management Consultants AGSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Muttersprache), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Schindellegistrasse 3, 8808 Pfäffikon SZAls international tätiges und ums
etzungsorientiertes Beratungsunternehmen unterstützen wir unsere Kunden in den Kernbereichen Digitalisierung & IT, Data Science & AI, Supply Chain & O
perations Management sowie Dienstleistungen & Service  Ihr Aufgabengebiet umfasst das   Planen und Realisieren/Durchführen von digitalen Marketing-Akt
ivitäten: Online-Kampagnen, Online-Newsletter, Social Media, Webinare Weiterentwickeln und Pflegen des digitalen Marktauftrittes: Webseite, Content-Ma
nagement, SEA/SEO, Plattform-Präsenz und Social Media Planen und Durchführen von Präsenzveranstaltungen (Konferenzen, Seminare Workshops) Planen und R
ealisieren von «analogen» Marketingaktivitäten: Kampagnen, Mailings und Newsletter Gestalten und Produzieren von Marketingdokumenten (Print, Non-Print
): Unternehmens- und Verkaufspräsentationen, Dienstleistungsflyer etc.   Wir suchen eine junge, flexible und belastbare sowie offene und kommunikative
 Persönlichkeit. Sie arbeiten gerne selbständig, sind dienstleistungsorientiert und lieben es, zu gestalten und Ihr Organisationstalent täglich unter 
Beweis zu stellen. Sie verfügen über einen sehr guten kaufmännischen Abschluss (vorzugsweise mit Berufsmatura) mit einer Aus-/Weiterbildung im Marketi
ng wie z. B. Marketingplaner, Marketing Manager oder äquivalent. Sie weisen fundierte Erfahrung im Dienstleistungsmarketing (Planung, Konzeption, Real
isierung, Events) sowie im digitalen Marketing (Web, Social Media, Content Management) aus. Ihre starken redaktionellen und gestalterischen Fähigkeite
n in Text und Grafik, sehr guten Kenntnisse in Deutsch (Muttersprache) und Englisch (mind. Niveau B2/C1), ausgezeichneten Anwenderkenntnisse in PowerP
oint, Word, Excel (Grafiken) und Indesign, sehr guten Kenntnisse in der Anwendung von CMS (Pimcore von Vorteil) ergänzen Ihre selbständige, zuverlässi
ge und exakte Arbeitsweise.  Wir bieten Ihnen eine spannende Aufgabe in einem jungen, dynamischen Umfeld und attraktive Anstellungsbedingungen. Der St
ellenantritt ist per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung möglich.  Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Wir freuen uns darauf, Sie kennen zu lernen. Senden Sie 
Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen bitte an Frau Irmgard Zellweger, E-Mail schreiben. Wir berücksichtigen nur Direktbewerbungen – keine Personalvermittlungen.K
ontaktZellweger Irmgard0554203385E-Mail schreibenZellweger Management Consultants AG(0)3 Jobshttp://www.zellweger.comSchnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Quantitativer IRB Experte (w/m/d) Raiffeisen SchweizBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellun
gSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Raiffeisenplatz 4, 9000 St. Gallen/ZürichAls Quantitative Risk Modelling Team von Raiffeisen Schweiz entwickeln
 wir die IRB Risikomodelle für die Raiffeisen Gruppe und sind primärer Ansprechpartner für quantitative Fragestellungen im Risikoumfeld. In unserer Fu
nktion sind wir Teil des Bereiches Risk Control von Raiffeisen Schweiz. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams mit Arbeitsort in St. Gallen und/oder Zürich-Flu
ghafen (The Circle) sowie der Möglichkeit von Home Office suchen wir eine engagierten Teamplayer für die folgenden Aufgabengebiete: Was erwartet Sie? 
    Entwicklung und Backtesting von IRB Kreditrisikomodellen (inkl. Aufbereitung der Datengrundlage) Validierung und Weiterentwicklung von Marktrisiko
modellen im Banken- und Handelsbuch Kontinuierliche Verbesserung und Automatisierung von Prozessen zur periodischen Modellüberprüfung Zusammenarbeit m
it Fachbereichen bei der Modellentwicklung im Rahmen der Sicherstellung von Anwenderakzeptanz Ansprechpartner für bankinterne und -externe Anspruchsgr
uppen sowie Prüfungsgesellschaften bei Detailfragen zu Risikomodellen und -methoden   Was bringen Sie mit?     Universitätsstudium mit quantitativem F
okus, z. B. (Finanz-)Mathematik, Physik, Data Science Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der gesamthaften quantitativen Entwicklung von Kreditrisikomodellen (in
sb. PD und LGD im IRB-Kontext) Sehr gute Programmierkenntnisse in R und SQL, Kenntnisse in LaTeX und Git von Vorteil Analytisches und strukturiertes D
enken mit ausgeprägter Affinität für quantitative Verfahren sowie hohe Problemlösungskompetenz Adressatengerechte Kommunikation von komplexen Themenfe
ldern, hohe Eigeninitiative und zielorientierte Arbeitsweise   Haben Sie Fragen?  Für inhaltliche Fragen zur Stelle: Anita Skritek-DeimLeiterin Quanti
tative Risk Modelling+41 (71) 2259749 Für Fragen zum Bewerbungsprozess: Niklas SchranzLeiter Employer Branding & Recruiting+41 (71) 4241916  Über uns 
 Wir sind eine genossenschaftliche Bank mit über 10'000 Mitarbeitenden. Wir machen den Weg frei. Miteinander. Füreinander. Entdecken Sie unsere einzig
artige Kultur. Wir leben unternehmerisches Engagement und Fairness. Wir vereinen persönliche Lebensplanung und berufliche Weiterentwicklung. Entscheid
en Sie sich für einen Arbeitgeber mit modernen Anstellungsbedingungen, grosser Aufgabenvielfalt und hohem Gestaltungsspielraum.KontaktRaiffeisen Grupp
e(9)282 Jobshttps://www.raiffeisen.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Data Quality Manager (m/w) univativ Schweiz AGSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Tempor
är Arbeitsort:Zürich/ZHOb Student, Berufseinsteiger oder Berufserfahrener – bei univativ findest Du den Job, der zu Dir und Deinem Leben passt. Geht e
s Dir um eine spannende Teilzeitstelle neben dem Studium? Oder suchst Du nach einem Berufseinstieg? Wenn Du Dich noch nicht festlegen möchtest, kannst
 Du bei univativ verschiedene Branchen und Unternehmen kennenlernen. Ganz egal, wo Du hinmöchtest – ob Pharma, Automobilindustrie, Finanzbranche, oder
 IT – Gemeinsam finden wir den Job, der zu Dir passt.    Karrierelevel:  Berufseinsteiger  Pensum: 80 - 100%  Beginn und Dauer: ab Juli für ca. 10 Mon
ate mit Option auf Übernahme  Arbeitsort: Zürich/ZH  Projekt-ID: A202446699 (bei Kontakt bitte immer angeben)   Für unseren namhaften Kunden aus der A
utomobilbranche suchen wir einen engagierten Junior Data Quality Manager (m/w) als projektbasierte Verstärkung. Dich erwartet ein breites Aufgabenspek
trum und eine freundliche Arbeitsatmosphäre. Das klingt für Dich interessant? Dann werde ein Teil von univativ und setze Deine Träume in die Wirklichk
eit um!    Was Dich erwartet:   Daten- und Prozessanalyse zur Identifikation und Monitoring von Data Quality Issues Ausarbeiten, Abstimmen und Impleme
ntieren von Massnahmen zur Optimierung der Datenqualität Entwickeln und Implementierung von (Prozess-)Automatisierungen Dokumentieren der Arbeitsergeb
nisse Übernehmen der Projektsteuerung im Rahmen der Data Quality Massnahmen Pflegen und Verarbeiten von Stammdaten     Was Du mitbringen solltest:   A
bgeschlossenes Studium (HF, FH, Uni) in Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder vergleichbare Ausbildung Sicherheit im Umgang mit MS-Office Software,
 insbesondere Excel basierten Analysen Kenntnisse in SQL, VBA, Python und RPA (MS PowerAutomate) Analytisches und vernetztes Denken mit Problemlösungs
-Mindset Organisations- und Kommunikationstalent IT- Affinität und Verständnis für Zahlen und Auswertungen Verhandlungssichere Deutsch- sowie sehr gut
e Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift       Was wir Dir bieten:   Einen Einstieg in DAX-Konzerne und führende Mittelständler Mit uns sammelst Du Er
fahrung und baust durch verschiedene Projekte Dein berufliches Netzwerk bei verschiedenen Kunden auf Vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten in unsere
r e-Academy     Wir haben Dich überzeugt?  Dann sende uns Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (CV, Zeugnisse, Diplome) unter Angabe der Referenzn
ummer A202446699 via E-Mail oder nutze alternativ das Online-Bewerbungsformular auf unserer Homepage.    Noch Fragen?  univativ Schweiz AG Frau Vivian
ne Schneider, Teamlead HR Mobil: 078 730 41 31 E-Mail: E-Mail schreiben    www.univativ.ch     KontaktVivianne SchneiderTeamlead HR078 730 41 31E-Mail
 schreibenunivativ Schweiz AG(0)41 Jobshttps://www.univativ.chSchnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Französisch (Muttersprache), Englisc
h (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:Genève PEU IMPORTE LA VOIE, CHEZ NOUS VOUS TROUVEREZ TOUJOURS UN SENS. Au sein du Groupe Sopra Steria,vous êtes libre d
e travailler sur des projets innovants qui ont un impact positif sur la société.   Nous nous engageons à permettre à nos collaborateurs de réaliser le
ur potentiel tout en se sentant soutenus, responsabilisés, encouragés et inspirés. Votre parcours professionnel personnalisé est soutenu par la format
ion continue approfondie : une expertise métier, technique, méthodologique et comportementale, avec également des certifications.  Avec ce nouveau cha
llenge professionnel, vous pourrez démontrer votre talent   Rassembler et gérer les données pertinentes pour nos projets, en veillant à leur qualité e
t leur intégrité. Utiliser des techniques statistiques et des algorithmes d'apprentissage automatique pour extraire des insights précieux à partir des
 données collectées. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des modèles de data science et d’IA, en utilisant des techniques telles que : Deep Learning, Compute
r Vision, Natural Language, Reinforcement Learning, etc. Éliminer les erreurs et les incohérences des données, et les préparer pour l'analyse. Travail
ler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes métier pour comprendre leurs besoins et développer des solutions adaptées.    Pour notre excellence prof
essionnelle, vous apporterez  Diplôme en études supérieures d'informatique (Ecole d'Ingénieurs / HES / Master ou équivalent).  4 à 6 ans d'expérience 
minimale en tant que Data Scientist.  Technologies : Java JEE, REACT NATIV, SpringBoot, Hibernate, HTML, Javascript, Angular. Expérience en société de
 services informatiques souhaitée. Langue maternelle française et bonne maîtrise de l'anglais indispensable (oral/écrit). Nationalité suisse ou europé
enne. Esprit d'équipe, capacité à travailler avec différents intervenants, orientation vers l'amélioration continue et l'innovation.    Pour votre par
cours professionnel, nous vous offrons   Une formation continue approfondie : expertise métier, technologies, méthodologies et softskills, avec y comp
ris les préparations et les examens de certifications. Des parcours professionnels personnalisés Des projets interdisciplinaires passionnants avec des
 clients renommés Un échange international de connaissances et d'expériences grâce à un réseau mondial Notre contribution : Zéro émission nette d'ici 
2028 et de nombreux autres projets de responsabilité d'entreprise dans les domaines de l'éducation, de l'emploi et de l'inclusion numérique Notre état
 d'esprit : esprit d'équipe, ouverture d’esprit, culture d’entreprise, diversité vivante La certification "Great Place to Work" en Suisse      #FREEIN
MYJOB    Nous souhaiterions vous accompagner dans votre aventure professionnelle et nous réjouissons de recevoir votre dossier de candidature.   Bewer
benJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:60%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (
Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:ZürichStadtentwicklung Zürich (STEZ) ist eine Dienstabteilung im Präsidialdepartement der Stadt Zürich und direkt der Stad
tpräsidentin unterstellt. STEZ umfasst die fünf Bereiche Gesellschaft & Raum, Wirtschaftsförderung, Integrationsförderung, Aussenbeziehungen sowie Sma
rt City. Der Bereich Gesellschaft & Raum beschäftigt sich mit der sozialräumlichen Stadtentwicklung. Er erarbeitet Studien, führt Impulsprojekte durch
, vertritt sozialräumliche Aspekte in Planungs- und Bauvorhaben und nimmt Ko-ordinations- sowie Spezialaufgaben wahr. Im Bereich Gesellschaft & Raum s
uchen wir zur Verstärkung und Erweiterung unserer Kompetenzen bei der Datenanalyse und -aufbereitung sowie der statistischen Qualitätssicherung per 1.
 November 2024 oder nach Vereinbarung eine engagierte Fachperson für die neu geschaffene Stelle eines*r Data Scientist, 60 %  Ihre Aufgaben  Sie führe
n selbständig statistische Analysen im ganzen Themenspektrum der Dienstabteilung durch – mit einem Fokus auf sozialräumliche Fragestellungen – und ber
eiten die Daten zielgruppengerecht mit aktuellen Technologien auf. Sie werten die Daten der alle zwei Jahre stattfindenden städtischen Bevölkerungsbef
ragung in Zusammenarbeit mit der inhaltlich zuständigen Projektleitung aus. Sie sind die Kompetenzstelle der Dienstabteilung für statistische Belange 
und Umgang mit Daten. Sie stellen die Schnittstelle für datenbezogene methodische und technische Fragen zu Statistik Stadt Zürich und zu anderen Diens
tabteilungen und Institutionen sicher. Sie gewährleisten die Qualitätssicherung bei statistischen Auswertungen und Publikationen der Dienstabteilung u
nd setzen proaktiv Verbesserungen und Innovationen in Ihrem Aufgabenfeld um.    Sie bringen mit  Sie verfügen über ein abgeschlossenes Hochschulstudiu
m (Data Science, Mathematik, Informationstechnologie, Sozialwissenschaften) mit einer Vertiefung in Statistik. Sie haben gute bis sehr gute praktische
 Kenntnisse in den Bereichen Programmierung und Analyse (R oder Python), Visualisierung (R/ggplot2, RShiny, GIS/QGIS, D3) sowie Daten-, Dokumenten- un
d Versionsverwaltung (GitHub), Erfahrung mit Output-Automatisierung und Interesse an Themen des maschinellen Lernens. Sie haben ein Flair für die visu
elle Aufbereitung von statistischen Sachverhalten für verschiedene Zielgruppen und für die schriftliche und mündliche Vermittlung von komplexen Sachve
rhalten. Sie sind eine initiative, dienstleistungs- und dialogorientierte Person mit strukturierter und selbstständiger Arbeitsweise und verfügen über
 eine rasche Auffassungsgabe. Sie haben Freude am Bearbeiten von anspruchsvollen Aufgaben und wissen konstruktiv mit vielfältigen Anforderungen und te
mporären Belastungen umzugehen.    Wir bieten Ihnen Es erwartet Sie ein breites, abwechslungsreiches und herausforderndes Aufgabenspektrum in einem dy
namischen Arbeitsumfeld. Die Dienstabteilung Stadtentwicklung mit ihren spannenden Themen und Aufgaben bietet Ihnen die Möglichkeit, an der Schnittste
lle zwischen Wirtschaft, Politik und Verwaltung aktiv mitzuwirken. Ihr Arbeitsort ist das Stadthaus mitten in Zürich. Es erwartet Sie eine offene Unte
rnehmens- und Teamkultur mit flexiblen Arbeitsformen, und Sie profitieren von den attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen der Stadt Zürich.   Interessiert?
 Auskunft zur Stelle erteilt Ihnen gerne Günther Arber, Stv. Direktor Stadtentwicklung und Bereichsleiter Gesellschaft und Raum, Telefon +41 44 412 36
 36.  Referenz-Nr.: 41677BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship - Middle Office Liquid Strategies, 80 - 100% LGT Capital Partners AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:80 
– 100%Vertrag:PraktikumSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Schützenstrasse 6, 8808 Pfäffikon SZ   Job Description   This inter
nship is an exciting opportunity to gain insights into all areas of asset management at the interface of investment management, IT, business developme
nt and operations. We are looking for a candidate who can join our team in April or May for a duration of 6 months.   Your main tasks within the Middl
e Office Liquid Strategies team include:   Post trade support and shadow accounting (e.g. trouble shooting, reconciliations) for our suite of funds un
der management;   Pricing and valuation review for funds under management, including liaising with service providers as needed   Production of daily, 
monthly and quarterly client reports;   Participating in the further automation of processes, data and systems;   Independent ownership of smaller pro
jects on business, IT and data-side.        Requirements      You are currently completing a higher education in business administration (university o
r university of applied sciences) with specialization in banking & finance; data sciences, economics, or similar subject;   High interest in tradition
al and alternative asset management looking for an opportunity to apply your theoretical skillset in practical terms;   Strong affinity for data manag
ement and IT in general, excellent skills in MS-Excel, SQL skills as a plus;   Very good command of German and English;   Flexibility and the ability 
to thrive in a dynamic work environment; meticulous attention to detail;   Service-oriented, proactive and assertive team player.      Application gui
deline    Application deadline is 21 April 2024.   Please apply directly by submitting your motivation letter, CV, diplomas, grade transcripts and ref
erence letters (if applicable).    Kindly note that we cannot provide work visa sponsorship for this role.       Contact Information   If you are inte
rested in becoming an integral part of a successful alternative investment management team in an international, multicultural working environment we w
ill be pleased to get to know you soon.For further information please contact us.Stefanie WeigeltHuman ResourcesLGT Capital Partners AG, PfaeffikonCon
tact:+41 58 261 86 33 KontaktLGT Capital Partners AG(0)32 Jobshttps://www.lgtcp.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Analyst/in COMINT Schweizer Armee - Kommando Cyber Kdo CyBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:Eichacher, 3086 ZimmerwaldSchweizer Armee - Kommando Cyber Kdo Cy sucht: 80%-100% / Zimmerwald   Ihr Einsatz für Sicherheit und Freih
eit Der Teilbereich Cyber und Elektromagnetische Aktionen (CEA) gehört zum Kommando Cyber und stellt als Kompetenzzentrum für elektronische Operatione
n die Führungsfähigkeit der Armee in allen Lagen sicher. Zudem beschafft das CEA Informationen für die Nachrichtendienste des VBS und weitere berechti
gte Bundesstellen.Als Analyst/in bearbeiten Sie selbstständig themenbezogene Daten aus dem sicherheitspolitischen Bereich und werten diese zugunsten v
erschiedener Leistungsbezüger/innen innerhalb der Schweizerischen Bundesverwaltung aus.  Ihre Aufgaben     Kommunikationsdaten gemäss sicherheitspolit
ischen Zielsetzungen suchen, beurteilen und analysieren Gewonnene Erkenntnisse regelmässig und systematisch in Berichten unter Berücksichtigung derer 
festgelegten Prioritäten aufbereiten Neue Strategien, Methoden und Recherchetechniken in Ihrem Themenbereich aktiv mitgestalten Den eigenen Themenbere
ich durch zugängliche Quellen sowie Teilnahme an fachspezifischen Fortbildungen ausbauen Den gesamten Bereich kontinuierlichen mit technischen Kenntni
ssen sowie Verständnis für technische Zusammenhänge weiterentwickeln   Ihr Profil     Hochschulabschluss oder vergleichbare höhere Ausbildung Ausgeprä
gtes analytisches Denken und sehr gute redaktionelle Fähigkeiten Hohe technische Kompetenzen und Fähigkeiten im Bereich Cyber, Telekommunikation, Info
rmatik oder Data Science Besonderes Interesse an sicherheitspolitischen Fragestellungen Gute aktive Kenntnisse einer zweiten Amtssprache, sowie zusätz
liche Kenntnisse von aussereuropäischen oder slawischen Sprachen sind von Vorteil   Zusätzliche Informationen  Für weitere Informationen wenden Sie si
ch bitte an:Nicoleta Püntener, E-Mail schreiben, +41 58 467 83 55 Eine Anstellung bei der Schweizer Armee macht Sinn und bringt viele Vorteile mit sic
h. Überzeugen Sie sich auf  armee.ch/vorteile     Über uns  Das Kommando Cyber (Kdo Cy) steht für Kompetenz in den Bereichen Cyber und Digitalisierung
. Wir vereinen die Begeisterung für unsere Aufgabe mit Knowhow, Innovation, modernsten Technologien und agilen Arbeitsweisen. Wir erbringen sichere, r
obuste und resiliente Informatikleistungen für die Schweizer Armee und unsere Partner im Sicherheitsverbund Schweiz. Damit ermöglicht das Kdo Cy der S
chweizer Armee den notwendigen Wissens- und Entscheidvorsprung – für eine sichere Schweiz. Eichacher, 3086 Wald Die Bundesverwaltung achtet die unters
chiedlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mitarbeitenden und fördert deren Vielfalt. Gleichbehandlung geniesst höchste Priorität. Frauen sin
d in unserer Verwaltungseinheit untervertreten. Ihre Bewerbungen sind deshalb besonders willkommen.KontaktBundesverwaltung(36)162 Jobshttps://www.admi
n.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Product Manager Business Intelligence & Analytics (w/m/d) Bison Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100
%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse)Arbeitsort:Allee 1A, 6210 SurseeNervt es dich, dass Daten oft einfach ungenutzt rumliegen? Gem
einsam mit dir möchten wir dieses Potenzial nutzen und unsere Kundschaft mit innovativen Lösungen auf ihrem Weg zur Data Driven Company einen Schritt 
weiter zu bringen. Mit deiner Macher-Mentalität spielst du eine entscheidende Rolle im Führungskreis und leistest einen massgeblichen Beitrag zur stra
tegischen Ausrichtung des Bereichs. Du agierst als treibende Kraft hinter wichtigen strategischen Projekten und behältst dabei stets die finanzielle P
lanung unserer Produkte und Services im Griff. Mit deiner unternehmerischen Denkweise und deinem scharfen Blick für Chancen und Möglichkeiten im Busin
ess Intelligence & Analytics Umfeld trägst du zu einer langfristigen, nachhaltigen und rentablen Entwicklung bei. Hast du Lust etwas zu bewegen und un
sere innovative, wachstumsorientierte Zukunft wirkungsvoll mitzugestalten? Dann zögere nicht und melde dich bei uns! Das machst du     Betreuen und ak
tives Vorantreiben von strategischen Projekten Finanzielle Planung und Kalkulation der Produkte und Services Erstellung und Abstimmung der Produkte- u
nd Services-Roadmap zusammen mit der Bereichsleitung Aktive Mitwirkung bei der strategischen Weiterentwicklung der Produkte und Services im Bereich BI
 & Analytics Organisation von Partner- und Vertragsmanagement Koordinieren von Marketing-Aktivitäten und Unterstützung im Presales-Bereich   Das bring
st du mit     Mehrjährige Erfahrung im Bereich Business Intelligence & Analytics Kenntnisse über die aktuellen Trends und Technologien im Bereich Busi
ness Intelligence und Data Science Einen (Fach)-Hochschul- oder Universitätsabschluss, oder eine gleichwertige Ausbildung Schnelle Auffassungsgabe und
 hohes Verantwortungsbewusstsein Sicheres Auftreten und kommunikatives Flair mit sehr guten Deutschkenntnissen ! wir akzeptieren nur Direktbewerbungen
Das sind wir Wir von der Bison wollen nicht deine neue Familie werden. Ein familiäres Umfeld bieten wir dir aber dennoch. Und eine Achterbahnfahrt an 
Abwechslung kriegst du gleich noch dazu. Deine neuen Teamkollegen engagieren sich mit viel Herzblut für ihre Kunden und geben Vollgas für sie. Bison s
teht für moderne Softwarelösungen und für dynamische Warenwirtschaftsprozesse. Über Digitalisierung verlieren wir nicht mehr viele Worte, sondern lebe
n sie einfach. Haben wir dich neugierig gemacht?  Da kriegst du deine Antworten   Nadine Stahl   HR Business Partnerinfenaco Departement Informatik+41
 58 434 41 47 E-Mail schreiben  KontaktBison Schweiz AG(17)18 Jobshttps://www.bison-group.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Controllerin mit Flair für Analytics (w/m) Basler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festa
nstellung Arbeitsort:BaselSchwarz und Wyss - unsere Lieblingsfarben seit 1899. Schlicht. Elegant. Gradlinig. Als Arbeitgeberin hingegen sind  wir   er
frischend bunt, vielfältig und divers. Und manchmal ganz anders, als du vielleicht denkst. Wie hier beim Stelleninserat. Denn wer sagt eigentlich, das
s Frauen bei männlichen Texten einfach so mitgemeint sind? Weil wir gerne noch mehr Frauenpower bei der BKB haben wollen, drehen wir darum den Spiess 
einfach um und schreiben in der weiblichen Form. Männer? Sind natürlich auch weiterhin willkommen. Möchtest du mehr dazu erfahren, wer wir sind und wi
e wir so ticken?  Gerne  . Ivana, Lukas, Irene und drei weitere Kolleginnen und Kollegen von der Gruppe Revenue Management & Financial Analytics suche
n Verstärkung. Mit anderen Worten: dich!      Dein neuer Job  Als Partnerin für den Vertrieb und die Gesamtbank zu den Themen Erträge, Kosten und Risi
ken sowie zu strategischen Fragestellungen mit Reporting und Analysen agieren Die Weiterentwicklung und den Unterhalt von bestehenden Dashboards sowie
 die Entwicklung neuer Dashboards mittels SQL und Visualisierungssoftware Tableau sicherstellen Die Neu- und Weiterentwicklung sowie den Unterhalt von
 Automatisierungs- und Analytics-Modellen, wie beispielsweise Forecasts, mittels R oder Python übernehmen Neue Use-Cases im Finanzbereich mit Hilfe vo
n Machine Learning Modellen umsetzen In konzernübergreifenden Projekten im Bereich Finanzen und Risiko, wie beispielsweise die Automatisierung der Rep
ortingerstellung, mitwirken  Davon profitieren wir  Dynamische, offene und eloquente Persönlichkeit mit einem sicheren Auftreten Freude daran, Verantw
ortung zu übernehmen, sich mit analytischen Fragestellungen auseinanderzusetzen und Lösungen im Team für die internen Kunden zu kreieren Abgeschlossen
es Masterstudium in Data Science, Mathematik, Physik oder quantitativen Wirtschaftswissenschaften Programmierkenntnisse in SQL, Python oder R sowie di
e Bereitschaft, neue Technologien zu erproben, zu erlernen und umzusetzen  So profitierst du  Neben einer Bank mit viel Tradition, bei unserer jungen,
 kecken Tochter Bank Cler weitere spannende Wege finden, um den Konzern mitzugestalten Zeitlich flexibel arbeiten, Möglichkeiten für Homeoffice Ein un
aufgeregter, herrlich unkomplizierter Teamgeist Interessante Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten - und wir stehen mit Rat und Tat zur Seite Du erwartest von uns
 ein rundum gutes Anstellungspaket? Recht hast du,  hier   geht es zu den Details und vielen weiteren Vorteilen  Noch Fragen?Gerne! Wenn es um Fachlic
hes geht, freut sich Frank Maier, Leiter Revenue Management & Financial Analytics, unter 061 266 27 50 auf deinen Anruf. Für alle anderen Fragen rund 
um die BKB ist Sandra Ankli gerne für dich da. P.S. Weil wir eine Controllerin und keine Werbetexterin suchen, kannst du dir das Motivationsschreiben 
ersparen. Stattdessen freuen wir uns, wenn du im Bewerbungstool drei kurze Fragen beantwortest. Danke!KontaktSandra AnkliHR Business Partner061 266 33
 42Basler Kantonalbank(2)15 Jobshttps://www.bkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Data Analyst 80-100% Canon (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellung Arbe
itsort:Wallisellen / Zürich Suchst Du eine neue spannende Herausforderung?Das ist Deine Chance in unserem Unternehmen etwas zu bewegen!  Aufgabenprofi
l und Zusammenfassung der Stelle   Als Business Data Analyst agierst Du als wichtige Schnittstelle zwischen dem BI- /Controlling Team und der Business
 Operations Abteilung (Verkaufsinnendienst, Customer Fulfillment, Invoicing, Supply Chain, Master Data Management). Zu Deinen Aufgaben gehören unter a
nderem der Unterhalt von existierenden Datenbanken, Reports und Dashboards. Des Weiteren steht die Entwicklung von neuen Analysen entlang der Business
 Anforderungen im Fokus. Du überführst dabei die Anfragen aus dem Business in aussagekräftige Reports und Dashboards, um die Transparenz zu erhöhen un
d mögliche Verbesserungspotentiale aufzudecken. Was wir bieten Bei Canon fördern wir die Möglichkeiten, Neues auszuprobieren, die eigene Perspektive e
inzubringen und im Team Wissen offen auszutauschen. Deshalb suchen wir Menschen, die ihr eigenes Drehbuch schreiben und «die Regie in ihrem Leben über
nehmen». In Deinem eigenen Drehbuch als Business Data Analyst konzentrierst Du Dich auf die operativen betriebswirtschaftlichen Auswertungen sowie die
 dahinterliegenden Daten. Du unterstützt das BI/Controlling-Team in der Datenaufbereitung- und Analyse (Sales Forecasts, Auftragsbestand, Durchlaufzei
ten, ad hoc Reports), und arbeitest eng mit dem Business zusammen. Nebst einem wertschätzenden und tollen Team bieten wir Dir folgende Benefits:   Fle
xibles Arbeiten: Home Office, & Jahresarbeitszeit  Work Life Balance: mind. 25 Tage Ferien & frei am eigenen Geburtstag, 40h Woche mit Kompensationsmö
glichkeit, unbezahlter Urlaub & Ferienkauf, Corporate Volunteering Tag  Sonstige Benefits wie überobligatorische Sozialversicherungsleistungen, erweit
erte Elternzeit, Zugang zur Online-Lernplattform, internes Care Management…… & noch vieles mehr, was wir gerne im Gespräch erzählen.   Wen wir suchen 
Als motivierte Persönlichkeit verbindest Du Deine hohe analytische Fähigkeit mit einer „Hands on“- Mentalität und verfügst über ein sicheres Auftreten
. Dabei verbindest Du Durchsetzungsvermögen gekonnt mit diplomatischem Geschick und zielgruppengerechter Kommunikation. Zusammenhänge erkennst Du rasc
h und zeigst, dank Deinem Sinn für das Machbare und Deiner Expertise, zielgerichtete Lösungen auf. Qualifikationen & Kompetenzen   Hochschulabschluss 
(Bachelor/Master) in Wirtschaftsinformatik oder Data Science oder vergleichbare qualifizierte Ausbildung Mehrjährige Berufserfahrung in einer vergleic
hbaren Stelle Kenntnisse im Aufbau und Unterhalt von Datenbanken (SQL, Access) und Dashboards (PowerBI, o.ä.) sind ein Muss Gute Kenntnisse in Excel u
nd mit der Microsoft-Umgebung sind erwünscht, Erfahrungen in der Oracle-Umgebung (R12, OAS, DV) oder mit Salesforce.com ein Plus Unternehmerische und 
lösungsorientierte Denk- und Handlungsweise  Selbstständige Arbeitsweise und aktives Mitdenken  Strukturierte Persönlichkeit mit ausgeprägter analytis
cher Arbeitsweise und kommunikativen Fähigkeiten Kenntnisse in Prozessdesign sowie Prozess-KPIs in verkaufsunterstützenden Teams ein Plus Ausgezeichne
te Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse (in Wort und Schrift), Französisch von Vorteil   Haben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Wir freuen uns, Dich bald kennen
zulernen!    Für diese Stelle berücksichtigen wir nur direkte Bewerbungen.  Auf dem Weg zu unseren Unternehmenszielen brauchen wir Menschen, die mit u
ns die Zukunft gestalten und die zu den Regisseuren einer sinnhaften Karriere werden wollen, indem wir ein Arbeitsumfeld bieten, das von einer starken
 Philosophie (Kyosei) getragen ist. Jetzt ist es Zeit, gemeinsam Geschichte zu schreiben.  Living and working together for the common good.  KontaktSe
reina WüstHuman ResourcesCanon (Schweiz) AG(3)13 Jobshttps://www.canon.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior DWH Developer Competec Service AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deu
tsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Hintermättlistrasse 3, 5506 MägenwilGemeinsam das moderne DWH ausbauen – Sei Teil unserer Zukunft in der Datenanalyse! Das 
erwartet dich     Im Zentrum deiner Tätigkeit steht der Ausbau unseres Data Warehouse in der Google Cloud - darunter fallen Punkte wie: Architektur, D
atenmodellierung, Schnittstellen, Umsetzung fachlicher Prozesse, ETL, Metadaten Unser Data Warehouse soll sich in den nächsten Monaten zur Drehscheibe
 aller relevanten Daten für BI / Data Science und weiteren Umsysteme im Unternehmen entwickeln. Du kannst mit deinem Fachwissen massgebend zum Erfolg 
beitragen und eine aktive Rolle im BI & DWH Team einnehmen Mithilfe von SSIS und Google Technologien lädst du Daten aus verschiedenen Quellsystemen in
s Data Warehouse und erarbeitest mithilfe von SQL-Scripten die Transformationen und das CORE-Datenmodell Die Erstellung und Betreuung von Datenmodelle
n, Ladeprozessen, Datamarts, Views & Monitoring gehören dabei ebenfalls zu deinen täglichen Aufgaben   Das bringst du mit     Du hast mehrjährige Erfa
hrung mit Google Technologien (BigQuery, Buckets, Cloud Composer / Airflow) und kannst diese selbstständig anwenden und einsetzen Mit SQL und DWH-Tech
niken (wie beispielsweise SCD, künstlichen Schlüsseln oder Relationstabellen) hast du schon weitreichende Erfahrungen gesammelt und weisst somit, wie 
man Daten modelliert und effizient verarbeitet Deine mehrjährige Erfahrung im IT-Umfeld hilft dir dich in den Technologien und im Umgang mit Daten gut
 zurecht zu finden Deine Deutschkenntnisse sind sehr gut, gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift sind von Vorteil Du hast eine rasche Auffassungs
gabe, kannst komplexe Sachverhalte verstehen, deine Koordinationsfähigkeiten weisst du zu nützen und du hast Freude daran im Team zu arbeiten   Bist d
u interessiert oder hast du weiterführende Fragen?  Sercan Ugur steht dir gerne telefonisch oder elektronisch zur Verfügung. +41 62 544 36 86 E-Mail s
chreiben  Über uns  BRACK.CH liefert schnell und unkompliziert – so sind wir auch als Arbeitgeber. Mitarbeitende treffen bei uns auf ein offenes und h
ilfsbereites Umfeld, in dem sie ihre Talente einbringen, mit grossem Gestaltungsfreiraum wirken und entfalten können. Wir fördern die Kompetenzen unse
rer Mitarbeitenden, damit wir Herausforderungen gemeinsam meistern, weiter wachsen und Erfolge feiern können. BRACK.CH ist Teil der Competec-Gruppe, d
ie über 1300 Mitarbeitende beschäftigt und 2023 einen Umsatz von rund 1,14 Milliarden Franken erzielt hat. Die Competec-Gruppe sucht ständig qualifizi
erte Mitarbeitende in verschiedenen Bereichen. Ein spannendes Geschäftsumfeld und interessante Zusatzleistungen machen die Competec-Gruppe zu einem at
traktiven Arbeitgeber, der 2016 sogar mit dem «Swiss Arbeitgeber Award» ausgezeichnet worden ist. KontaktCompetec Service AG / BRACK.CH(28)22 Jobshttp
s://www.brack.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Hochschulpraktikant/in - Kommunikation Cyber-Defence Campus armasuisse arBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%
Vertrag:Praktikum Arbeitsort:Thun, zuhause und mobilDas Bundesamt für Rüstung armasuisse sucht: 80%-100% / Thun, zuhause und mobil   armasuisse. Siche
rheit für die Schweiz - heute und morgen Du leistest beim Cyber-Defence (CYD) Campus im Spannungsfeld von Bund, Hochschulen und Industrie für 12 Monat
e einen Beitrag an die Weiterentwicklung der Cyber-Abwehr.   Deine Aufgaben      Konzeptionelle Mitarbeit und Unterstützung des Cyber-Defence Campus i
n aktuellen Projekten und administrativen Belangen Erarbeiten von Kommunikations- und Marketingmassnahmen sowie Mitwirkung bei deren Umsetzung Herstel
lung und Aufbereitung von multimedialen Inhalten wie Beiträge, Flyer, Fotos oder Videos Förderung und Weiterentwicklung der digitalen und physischen P
räsenz des Cyber-Defence Campus Mithilfe bei der Organisation und Durchführung von Konferenzen, Seminaren und Hackathons    Dein Profil      Du stehst
 kurz vor dem Bachelor-, Masterabschluss oder hast dein Studium kürzlich abgeschlossen, idealerweise im Bereich Wirtschaftswissenschaften oder Kommuni
kationswissenschaften. Der Abschluss darf bei Stellantritt nicht länger als 1 Jahr zurückliegen Du bist eine engagierte und selbständige Persönlichkei
t mit Organisationstalent Du hast ein ausgeprägtes Marketingverständnis und verfügst idealerweise über Erfahrung in administrativen Tätigkeiten Die gä
ngigen Informatikanwendungen und Social Media Plattformen sind dir als Anwender/in bekannt. Du verfügst über mündliche und schriftliche Kenntnisse ein
er zweiten Amtssprache. Gute Englischkenntnisse setzen wir voraus    Zusätzliche Informationen   Fachliche Auskünfte erteilt dir gerneHerr Dr. Vincent
 LendersLeiter Fachbereich Cyber Sicherheit und Data ScienceTel. +41 58 468 27 68 Die Stelle ist auf 1 Jahr befristet.Der letzte Studienabschluss lieg
t bei Arbeitsbeginn nicht mehr als ein Jahr zurück. Bewerbungsfrist: 21. Mai 2024 Bitte bewerben Sie sich über unser Bewerbungsmanagementsystem.Klicke
n Sie dafür auf «Jetzt bewerben». Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbung.   Über uns   armasuisse ist eine von vier zentralen Stellen der Bundesverwaltung 
für das Beschaffungsmanagement von komplexen und sicherheitsrelevanten Systemen und Gütern sowie für das Technologie- und Immobilienmanagement. Der Ko
mpetenzbereich Wissenschaft und Technologie (W+T) ist zuständig für die wissenschaftliche Beurteilung von Technologieaspekten militärischer Systeme au
f ihrem Lebensweg, führt Risikoanalysen durch und erstellt Sicherheitskonzepte. Ferner ist W+T im Auftrag des VBS verantwortlich für die Forschung in 
Technologiebereichen mit Relevanz für die Sicherheitspolitik der Schweiz. In der internen Zusammenarbeit lebt armasuisse eine Du-Kultur. armasuisse ge
hört gemäss kununu zu den beliebtesten 5% aller Arbeitgeber der Schweiz («Top Company») und wurde als hervorragender Lehrbetrieb ausgezeichnet («Great
 Start!»). Feuerwerkerstrasse 39, 3602 Thun Die Bundesverwaltung achtet die unterschiedlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mitarbeitenden u
nd fördert deren Vielfalt. Gleichbehandlung geniesst höchste Priorität. Frauen sind in unserer Verwaltungseinheit untervertreten. Ihre Bewerbungen sin
d deshalb besonders willkommen.KontaktBundesverwaltung(36)162 Jobshttps://www.admin.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


eDiscovery Junior Consultant (60% - 100%) Forentec AGSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Industriepark 3, 8610 UsterDie Forentec AG ist spezialisiert in der IT-Forensik, i
nsbesondere im Rahmen der forensischen Ermittlung von digitalen Daten und in der IT-Sicherheit. Für unsere Kundinnen und Kunden entwickeln wir Strateg
ien mit dem Ziel, Daten und ganze ITInfrastrukturen nachhaltig zu sichern. Ein wichtiges Mittel zur systematischen Erfassung und Sichtung von grossem 
Datenmengen bieten wir über unsere eDiscovery-Lösung an. Dabei werden alle Arten von Daten - seien dies Bilder, Texte, E-Mails, Kalenderdateien oder g
anze Datenbanken - in das eDiscovery-System eingelesen und können danach anhand von Stichwörtern durchsucht werden. In Kombination mit IT-forensischen
 Methoden und Technologien kann die Ermittlung von Cybervorfällen und Cyberkriminalität dadurch beschleunigt und optimiert werden. eDiscovery kommt ab
er auch bei komplexen Rechtsstreitigkeiten und regulatorischen Anfragen zur Anwendung. Aufgrund der zunehmenden Nachfrage nach der Implementierung von
 eDiscovery Lösungen, suchen wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine/n Unsere Erwartungen:   Sie verfügen über ein abgeschlossenes Studium (Bachelo
r oder Master) in Informatik, Computer Science, Data Science, Ingenieurwesen oder verwandten Technologien oder über eine abgeschlossene Berufslehre in
 Informatik mit Vertiefung im Bereich Applikationsentwicklungen oder Systemintegration Sie verfügen über mindestens drei Jahre Berufserfahrung in eDis
covery • Sie sind geübt in der Anwendung von eDiscovery-Tools wie Relativity, Nuix, Reveal oder anderen modernen eDiscovery-Tools Sie verstehen IT-Lan
dschaften und die Speicherung verschiedener Datentypen, können mit Datenbanken umgehen und finden sich in Datenfluten zurecht Sie haben eine Affinität
 für moderne Technologien Sie verfügen über ein ausgewiesenes Verständnis von Betriebssystemen wie Microsoft Windows, Unix, MacOS etc. Sie pflegen ein
wandfreie Beziehungen zu Kunden und verstehen die Strukturen grosser Organisationen Sie verfügen über einen einwandfreien Leumund und Integrität Absol
ute Diskretion und Verschwiegenheit sind für Sie selbstverständlich Sie arbeiten gerne, sorgfältig und eigenverantwortlich, sind ausdauernd und motivi
ert Sie sind stilsicher in schriftlicher und mündlicher Kommunikation in Deutsch und Englisch Ihre   Aufgabengebiete umfassen insbesondere:   Als Teil
 eines Teams von Spezialisten sichern und analysieren Sie proaktiv und reaktiv grosse Datenvolumen und arbeiten sie nach definierten Prozessen sachdie
nlich auf Sie dokumentieren Fortschritte und stellen regelmässige Statusaktualisierungen für die Kunden bereit Sie dienen als Koordinator/in und Konta
ktperson für alle im Prozess involvierten Parteien und stellen sicher, dass die Kundenbedürfnisse erfüllt werden Sie identifizieren Möglichkeiten für 
Vereinfachung innerhalb der eDiscoveryProzesse und -Tools und unterstützen deren Implementierung zugunsten der Kunden   Was wir bieten:   Abwechslungs
reiche Tätigkeit in einem spannenden und innovativen Umfeld Möglichkeit, Fachexpertise in eDiscovery zu erlangen Kontinuierliche praktische Weiterentw
icklungsmöglichkeiten Zusammenarbeit mit einem dynamischen und aufgeschlossenen ExpertenTeam Attraktives und etabliertes Kundenportfolio Moderner Arbe
itsplatz an zentraler, mit ÖV gut erschlossener Lage (in Uster bei Zürich)  Weitere Informationen zu Forentec: forentec.ch Für weitere Auskünfte zur S
telle steht Ihnen Lionel Bloch gerne zur Verfügung: +41 43 542 15 15 Bei Interesse freuen wir uns auf Ihre vollständige Bewerbung per E-Mail an: E-Mai
l schreibenKontaktLionel BlochManaging Director+41 43 542 15 15E-Mail schreibenForentec AG(0)2 Jobshttps://forentec.chSchnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen
 Job melden


Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h) BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungSprache:Französisch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:Lausanne Assura est un acteur majeur de l'assu
rance-maladie en Suisse, engagé et responsable.   Nos convictions et valeurs nous portent chaque jour et fondent notre singularité.    Nous rejoindre,
 c'est découvrir un domaine d'activité passionnant et utile où    chaque journée est différente.     Pour notre département Développement et Marketing
 de notre succursale de Lausanne, nous recherchons un: Vos challenges    Développer, gérer, déployer et intégrer de nouvelles sources de données  Anal
yser les demandes, développer le Backend/Frontend, gérer l’exploitation et les déploiements Accompagner les métiers, et plus particulièrement les Data
 Analysts, dans la formulation de leurs demandes et dans l’exploitation de leurs données Charger, consolider et assurer la qualité et la disponibilité
 des données remontées dans la plateforme analytique depuis les systèmes tiers Monitorer les chaines de chargement et garantir la disponibilité des do
nnées.   Vos talents   Vous êtes au bénéfice d’un diplôme universitaire ou d’une école supérieure spécialisée dans le domaine de la Data Vous maîtrise
z l’environnement Microsoft SQL Server 2019, de GIT, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, DevOps et pipelines, Azure, Python, R, et avez de très bo
nnes connaissances de l’architecture et de la modélisation de base de données Vous possédez une expérience confirmée d’au moins 2 ans en conception et
 en réalisation de solutions BI, une expérience en data science (AI/ML) et cloud ainsi qu’en analyse de données Vous êtes créatif, apte à travailler d
e manière autonome et pourvu d’un bon esprit d’analyse Vous êtes à l’aise avec les concepts de l’agilité Vous êtes capable de travailler en équipe Vou
s parlez couramment français et possédez de bonnes connaissances de l’anglais et de l’allemand.     Nos avantages   Semaine de travail de 40 heures (à
 100%) Minimum 5 semaines de vacances Possibilité de télétravail Participation mensuelle aux frais de déplacement si abonnement de transports publics 
Prestations sociales attractives et importante réduction sur l’assurance-maladie Welcome Day et formation interne métier      Date d'entrée?: A conven
ir  Taux d’activité?: 80% - 100%  Lieu de travail?: Lausanne       Chez Assura, chacun est essentiel.  Depuis sa création en 1978, Assura s’engage en 
faveur d’un système de santé social, de qualité et efficace ; un système qui se concentre sur l’essentiel et donne à tous les mêmes chances de guériso
n, tout en encourageant les efforts d’efficience de tous les acteurs. Notre culture d’entreprise est bâtie sur l’accessibilité et l’ouverture ainsi qu
’un fort esprit collaboratif.Et chacun de nos 1’700 collaborateurs est essentiel. Et visitez aussi notre site  assura.ch   pour encore plus d’infos.  
  Si vous correspondez au profil recherché, veuillez nous faire parvenir un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, copie de tous vo
s diplômes et de tous vos certificats de travail, etc).  Nous vous remercions pour l’intérêt que vous portez à notre société et nous réjouissons de pr
endre connaissance de votre postulation.  BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Chief Data Officer (CDO) (a) Berner Kantonalbank AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSp
rache:Deutsch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Bern-Bundesplatz und Bern-LiebefeldAls Chief Data Officer (CDO) hast du die einmalige Chance, die Zukunft unserer
 Bank in einer Welt, die immer datengetriebener wird, massgeblich mitzugestalten. Zusammen mit deinem Team entwickelst du nicht nur die Vision für ein
 modernes Datenmanagement, sondern übernimmst auch eine tragende Rolle in deren Umsetzung. Spricht dich dieses Umfeld an? Dann bist du der passende Fi
t für diese spannende Führungsrolle. Pensum  80-100%  Arbeitsort  Bern-Bundesplatz und Bern-Liebefeld  Wie du begeischterisch     Du definierst, wie e
in modernes Datenmanagement in Zukunft aussehen muss und baust den neu geschaffenen Bereich mit den entsprechenden Ressourcen auf. Dabei arbeitest du 
direkt mit der CFO zusammen und berichtest an diese Du bist zuständig für sämtliche strategischen Themen rund ums Thema Daten. Du entwickelst zusammen
 mit dem Strategie-Team und weiteren Stakeholdern die Datenstrategie der Bank weiter und definierst Standards, Prinzipien und Regeln für die Pflege un
d Nutzung von Daten Du übernimmst eine Schlüsselrolle bei der Transformation zu einer datengesteuerten Bank. Du führst die strategische Initiative "Au
fbau Datenmanagement" und stellst bei sämtlichen Projekten die Abstimmung mit der Strategie, sowie den Nutzen für die Bank und ihre Kunden sicher Du b
ist die erste Ansprechperson für das Thema Daten für unsere Geschäftsleitung und den Verwaltungsrat. Dabei bist du stets in enger Abstimmung mit unser
er IT-Tochter, Compliance und weiteren Stakeholdern, um neben der Business-Perspektive die ganzheitliche Sicht zu gewähren Du trägst wesentlich dazu b
ei, eine Datenkultur in der Bank zu etablieren. Du schaffst es, die Mitarbeitenden für die Wichtigkeit des Themas, den richtigen Umgang mit Daten, sow
ie die neuen Möglichkeiten zu sensibilisieren   Was du mitbringsch     Du hast wesentliche und relevante Erfahrung im Aufbau eines professionellen Dat
enmanagements, idealerweise in einer führenden Rolle und in einem regulierten Umfeld mit sensitiven Daten Du verfügst über ein umfassendes Verständnis
 und eine ganzheitliche Sicht aufs Thema Datenmanagement (Datenorganisation, Data Governance, Data Science, Datenschutz). Du bist mit den Anforderunge
n an ein modernes Datenmanagement aus Business-Sicht bestens vertraut, kennst die regulatorischen Anforderungen an das Thema und kannst bei technische
n Themen mit IT-Fachpersonen mitdiskutieren Du hast ein strategisches Denkvermögen und die Fähigkeit unter Berücksichtigung der technologischen Entwic
klungen ein Zielbild zu zeichnen und dieses in konkrete Initiativen herunterzubrechen Du bist eine erfahrene Führungspersönlichkeit und schätzt die Mö
glichkeit gestalten zu können. Dabei schreckst du nicht davor zurück, auch mal selbst anzupacken. Du bist ein/e gute/r Kommunikator/in, nimmst deine S
takeholder mit auf die Reise und arbeitest erfolgreich in cross-funktionalen Teams Du hast einen Hochschulabschluss (MINT) und/oder hast dich im Thema
 Datenmanagement laufend weitergebildet Du kennst dich aus mit den neusten Konzepten einer modernen Datenorganisation und Datenarchitektur   Mir engag
iere üs für di!     Förderung deines individuellen Entwicklungsbedarfs, zeitlich und finanziell Flexible Arbeitsformen (Teilzeit, Job-Sharing, Homeoff
ice, Jahresarbeitszeit) Zwischen 25 – 30 Ferientage pro Jahr Nachhaltige Vergütung: keine individuellen Boni, sondern Erfolgsbeteiligung für alle Mita
rbeitenden Wie wir miteinander umgehen: Du-Kultur - offen – persönlich – teamorientiert   Dini BEKB  Für Wegbereiterinnen, Brückenbauende und Zukunfts
gestalter: Die BEKB-Gruppe hat dir als Arbeitgeberin viel zu bieten – weit mehr als Banking. In der Region Bern/Solothurn beraten und begleiten wir Pr
ivat- und Firmenkunden mit innovativen Finanzdienstleistungen. Die Bedürfnisse unserer Kundinnen und Kunden stehen in unserer täglichen Arbeit stets i
m Fokus. Mit unserer IT-Tochtergesellschaft aity AG schaffen wir hierzu die richtigen technischen Voraussetzungen. Das Wohl unserer Mitarbeitenden lie
gt uns am Herzen. Wir fördern junge sowie erfahrene Talente in ihrer Weiterentwicklung, setzen uns für individuelle und flexible Arbeitsformen ein und
 ebnen unseren Mitarbeitenden den Weg für  Weiterbildungs- und Karrierechancen  . Dabei steht unsere offene und positive  Unternehmenskultur   im Vord
ergrund. Vertrauen, Engagement und  Nachhaltigkeit   sind bei uns fest verankert;  Diversität  , Kollaboration und Humor Teil unserer DNA.  Dini zuekü
nftigi Füehrigsperson  Deine Führungskraft freut sich, dir Auskunft zu deiner künftigen Stelle wie zum Beispiel deinen Tätigkeiten und deinem Team zu 
geben:  Beatrice Kern Leitung Dep. Finanz- und Risikosteuerung 031 666 12 15 E-Mail schreiben https://www.linkedin.com/in/beatrice-kern/  Dini Kontakt
person us em HR  Wir beantworten gerne deine Fragen zum Bewerbungsprozess, deinen künftigen Anstellungsbedingungen und zur BEKB-Kultur:  Martin Flury 
HR Business-Partner 031 666 10 64 https://www.linkedin.com/in/flurymartin/KontaktBerner Kantonalbank AG (BEKB | BCBE)(3)16 Jobshttps://www.bekb.chBewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Business Analyst Controlling (w/m/d) 60-100% Dosenbach-Ochsner AGJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:Allmendstrasse 25, 8953 DietikonDosenbach Ochsner & Companies ist das führende Detailhandelsunternehmen in der Schuh- und Sportb
ranche in der Schweiz mit Hauptsitz in Dietikon. Mit über 360 Filialen und über 4500 Mitarbeitenden haben wir uns einen grossen Namen gemacht. Als Tei
l der Deichmann SE freuen wir uns, unsere Liebe zu Schuhen und Sport mit der Welt zu teilen. Zu uns gehören die Unternehmen Dosenbach, Ochsner Shoes, 
OCHSNER SPORT, Snipes und e-FRAMER.Für unser junges Controlling Team suchen wir eine Person, welche Interesse an einer spannenden Stelle als Junior Bu
siness Analyst im Controlling mitbringt. Unser Controlling fungiert gemeinschaftlich als Businesspartner für die gesamte Organisation und ist in spezi
alisierte Fachbereiche aufgegliedert. Als Teil unseres dynamischen Teams bieten wir dir die Möglichkeit, deine Fähigkeiten und dein Fachwissen in eine
m herausfordernden und unterstützenden Umfeld einzubringen. Als Junior Business Analyst Controlling wirst du eine Schlüsselrolle bei der Analyse von U
nternehmensdaten einnehmen und trägst somit massgeblich zur Erreichung unserer Unternehmensziele bei.   Unsere Anforderungen:   Idealerweise hast du d
ein Studium mit Schwerpunkt Controlling, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Data Science oder eines verwandten Studiengangs (Uni, FH, eidg. Fachausweis oder ähnli
ch) bereits abgeschlossen oder du befindest dich in einem fortgeschrittenen Semester Du bringst eine hohe IT-Affinität und fundierte MS Office Kenntni
sse (Excel, VBA, Powerpoint) mit sowie erstes Know-how in einem gängigen BI-Tool (MS Power BI, MicroStrategy) ist von Vorteil Sehr gute Deutschkenntni
sse und von Vorteil solide Englischkenntnisse Du verfügst über eine analytische, lösungsorientierte und verantwortungsbewusste Arbeitsweise Du bist ei
n Dienstleitungsorientierter Teamplayer mit starker Hands-On-Mentalität   Dein Aufgabengebiet:   Du bist verantwortlich für die Integration, Transform
ation und Analyse von Daten und Informationen Eine Zielgruppengerechte Aufbereitung und Auswertung der Daten ist von hoher Bedeutung für dienen Arbeit
salltag Du unterstützt uns in der Optimierung der Verwendung von Analysetools (u.a. MicroStrategy, Oracle Essbase, Microsoft Power BI) Du hilfst mit b
ei der Erstellung und Weiterentwicklung von Reportings sowie bei der Erstellung der Monats- und Jahresabschlüsse Du unterstützt das Team bei systemunt
erstützten Prozessautomatisierungen Das Erstellen von Präsentationen für die Geschäftsleitung des eigenen Fachbereiches sowie die Unterstützung bei Bu
dgetierung und Forecasting gehören ebenfalls zu deinen Aufgaben   Bei uns wird FORTSCHRITT grossgeschrieben. Wir bieten die Möglichkeit zur stetigen b
eruflichen und persönlichen Weiterentwicklung. HERZBLUT treibt unsere Mitarbeiter:innen täglich an. Wir lieben die Dynamik im Retail, haben eine Leide
nschaft für Sport und Mode. Bei uns wird viel Wert auf eine offene Kommunikation und gegenseitige Wertschätzung gelegt. Gemeinsam sind wir stärker, TE
AMSPIRIT wird aktiv gelebt. Beruf und Freizeit zu verbinden ist LEBENSWERT. Du profitierst u.a. von 6 Wochen Ferien, flexiblen Arbeitsmodellen, Homeof
fice Möglichkeiten, Personalrabatt, Sportmöglichkeiten, Unterstützung bei Weiterbildungen, gratis Parkplätzen und Essensbons. Denkst du, dass du unser
e technisch affine Person bist, die unser Team tatkräftig unterstützen möchte? Dann zögere nicht länger und bewirb dich jetzt! Nutze diese Gelegenheit
, um Teil eines motivierten Teams mit flachen Hierarchien und einer äusserst angenehmen Arbeitsatmosphäre zu werden, in dem dein Wissen geschätzt und 
gefördert wird. (Papierdossiers und Dossiers von Personaldienstleistern werden nicht berücksichtigt)   Einsatzort: Dosenbach Ochsner AG8953 Dietikon (
Zürich) KontaktXenia SteinerRekrutierung PersonalabteilungDosenbach Ochsner & Companies(11)3 Jobshttps://jobs.dosenbach-ochsner.ch/de/jobs/DOCVERW-202
4-033559/Job merkenDiesen Job melden


Advanced Analytics DevOps Engineer 80-100% (w/m/d) LGTBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:Glärnischstrasse 36, 8027 Adliswil  Über uns    LGT Private Banking ist eine international führende Privatbank und ein unabhängiges Familienu
nternehmen. Wir denken langfristig und treiben Innovationen voran. In den letzten Jahren sind wir stark gewachsen - in Europa und in Asien. Damit wir 
auch in Zukunft erfolgreich bleiben, ist ein Faktor entscheidend: die Digitalisierung. Sie ist eine unserer wichtigsten strategischen Prioritäten für 
die nächsten Jahre. Wir wollen in interdisziplinären und agilen Teams das Beste aus der analogen und der digitalen Welt vereinen. Unser Ziel: Dank mod
ernsten Dienstleistungen ein wirklich persönliches Kundenerlebnis schaffen.      Ihr Aufgabengebiet    Als DevOps Engineer sind Sie für die erfolgreic
he Implementierung von Advanced Analytics & AI Produkten und Services verantwortlich. Zu Ihren spezifischen Aufgaben gehören:     Zusammen mit Data Sc
ientists, Data Engineers und Architekten die Weiterentwicklung und Skalierung der LGT Advanced Analytics & AI Plattform on-premises und in der Azure C
loud  Zusammenarbeit mit Datenwissenschaftlern bei der Produktion und dem Rollout von Analyse-/AI-Produkten für Endanwender  Gewährleistung von Sicher
heit, Verfügbarkeit und Leistung der Advanced Analytics & AI-Plattform  Implementierung und Verwaltung von Workflows für Continuous Integration (CI) u
nd Continuous Delivery (CD)  Bereitstellung von Support und Wartung der Plattform        Ihr Profil     Sie haben einen Bachelor-Abschluss oder eine h
öhere Ausbildung in Informatik, Software-Engineering, Systemadministration, Ingenieurwesen oder einer verwandten Fachrichtung oder eine gleichwertige 
Kombination aus Ausbildung und Erfahrung   Mindestens 5 Jahre Erfahrung als DevOps-Ingenieur in einer mittleren bis großen IT-Organisation eines Unter
nehmens  Mindestens 5 Jahre Erfahrung in der Implementierung von Data-Science-Lösungen auf VPC, Azure oder AWS  Erfahrung mit Gitlab  Erfahrung mit Op
enshift, MinIO, Python und Graphdatenbanken sind von Vorteil  Erfahrung in der Finanzbranche bevorzugt  Ausgezeichnete Kommunikationsfähigkeiten, Team
player  Sie arbeiten gerne in einem schnelllebigen, agilen Umfeld     Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Bewerbungen über Personalvermittler für diese Stell
e nicht berücksichtigen können.      Benefits bei der LGT     A great place to work - a great place to have impact: Die LGT fördert die Vielfalt ihrer
 Mitarbeiter und Mitarbeiterinnen. Wir glauben, dass eine inklusive und wertschätzende Unternehmenskultur der Treiber für einen großartigen Arbeitspla
tz ist und die Möglichkeit bietet, ein einzigartiges und erfolgreiches Team zu schaffen. Deshalb können unsere Mitarbeitenden auch von vielen zusätzli
chen Benefits profitieren.            Familie und Beruf    Flexible Arbeitsmodelle Sabbaticals Mindestens 25 Tage Jahresurlaub, abhängig vom Alter Opt
ionen für bezahlten Sonderurlaub Mutterschafts- und Vaterschaftsurlaub, Möglichkeiten für zusätzlichen Elternurlaub Subventionen für die Kindertagesst
ätte "Villa Wirbelwind"              Vergünstigungen und Vorteile    Rabatte auf Bankprodukte und Dienstleistungen der LGT Co-Investments bei der LGT 
Rabatte auf Kranken- und Sachversicherungen Pensionsplan mit individuellen Optionen Verschiedene Initiativen zur Förderung der Mobilität/E-Mobilität A
nerkennung wichtiger Lebensereignisse              Ihre Gesundheit    Wellness- und Gesundheitsprogramme Bewegungs- und Sportprogramme Wöchentlicher O
bsttag und gesunde Mahlzeiten Umkleideräume mit Duschen Ruheräume              Gemeinsam wachsen    Interne Kurse Externe Kurse an der Liechtenstein A
cademy Unterstützung für externe Aus- und Weiterbildungen Coaching- und Mentoring-Programme Internationale Einsätze Intrapreneurship-Programme        
    Fühlen Sie sich angesprochen? Dann füllen Sie einfach die Online-Bewerbung aus. Wir freuen uns, Sie kennen zu lernen.  Kontakt   Corina Hohl HR Re
cruiter LGT Gruppe Holding AG +423 (235) 1555   KontaktLGT(17)52 Jobshttps://www.lgt.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Technology Consulting - AI & Data EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Ver
trag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZürichAt EY, you will have the chance to build a career as unique as y
ou are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we are counting on your unique voice a
nd perspective to help EY become even better too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.  Deine
 Chance  Starte deine nächste berufliche Herausforderung und werde Teil unseres einzigartigen AI & Data Team. In dieser Rolle bist Du Teil unseres Ber
atungsgeschäftes und arbeitest an herausfordernden AI & Data Projekten für unsere Kunden, wobei Du stets die neuesten Technologien einsetzen kannst.  
 Unser Beratungsgeschäft bietet eine breite Palette von funktionalen und grenzüberschreitenden Dienstleistungen, die darauf abgezielt ist, unseren Kun
den hochwertige und vertrauenswürdige Ratschläge zu geben, mit einem speziellen Fokus auf Geschäftstransformationsprogramme. Wir bieten unseren Kunden
 weltweit nahtlose, konsistente und hochwertige Dienstleistungen an. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams suchen wir derzeit einen (Senior) Consultant mit Er
fahrung in den Bereichen wie Business Analyse, AI und Automatisierung um Kundenengagements zu unterstützen. Wir sind ein dynamisches Team, das auf ers
tklassige AI- und Data-Services spezialisiert ist. Als essentielles Mitglied unseres Teams wirst du unsere Kunden durch datenorientierte Erkenntnisse 
stärken. Dies fördert nicht nur die Verbesserung von Entscheidungsprozessen und strategischer Planung, sondern treibt auch die Geschäftsleistung der K
unden voran. Darüber hinaus fördern wir eine Kultur des innovativen Denkens und bieten unseren Teammitgliedern zahlreiche Möglichkeiten zum individuel
len Wachstum an.    Deine Hauptaufgaben   Auf Projektbasis unsere Kunden in Themen wie Datenstrategie, Datenarchitektur, Datenanalyse, Datenvisualisie
rung, Prozessautomatisierung, Data Governance und Data Science unterstützen Unterstütze bei Vorbereitung, Planung und Durchführung von Workshops und I
nterviews z.B. zur Erstberatung oder Co-Creation/Design Thinking Workshops Analysiere, erfasse und dokumentiere Anforderungen für Daten, AI und Automa
tisierungs use cases in enger Abstimmung mit Stakeholdern. Gewährleiste eine klare und präzise Definition von Anforderungen zur Erfüllung der Kundenbe
dürfnissen Erstellung eines Business Case, Use Case Analyse, User Interfaces (Modelle mit Wireframes oder Mockups) und Daten strategie Umsetzen der An
forderungen und Geschäftsregeln aus Fach- und Business Analyse in Systemanforderungen und Anforderungen an Schnittstellen Erarbeiten, Validieren, Prio
risieren, Dokumentieren und Verwalten von Anforderungen und Rahmenbedingungen der Stakeholder an die zu realisierenden IT-Systeme Umsetzung der Anford
erung und Entwicklung eines Use Case (z.B. AI Analyse) Sicherstellen der Kommunikation mit Stakeholdern und Fachabteilungen     Deine Kompetenzen   Se
hr gute mündliche und schriftliche Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in Deutsch und Englisch Erfolgreich abgeschlossenes betriebswirtschaftliches oder IT Stud
ium mit hervorragenden Ergebnissen Mehrjährige Erfahrung (1-5 Jahre) im Bereich Business Analyse/Business Consulting oder/und Business Requirements En
gineering Idealerweise bringst du schon Weiterbildungen im Bereich Business Analyse oder/und Business Requirements Engineering mit z.B. Foundation in 
IREB, CBAP/CCBA Praktische Erfahrung (1-5 Jahre) im breiteren Daten-, Analyse- und Automatisierungsfeld (min. 1 Erfahrungsbereich): Data Engineering, 
AI & Advanced Analytics (inkl. Statistik), Prozessautomatisierung mit UiPath / Power Apps etc. Praktische Programmiererfahrung (z.B. mit Python, etc.)
 Erfahrung mit Projektführungsmethoden (z.B. Hermes, SCRUM, SAFe, RUP) und technischer Methoden (z.B. DevOps, MLOps etc.), Notationen (BPMN, UML) und 
Werkzeugen für die Modellierung und Verwaltung von Anforderungen (z.B. Innovator von der Firma MID oder EA von der Firma SparxSystems) Kenntnisse im S
takeholder-Management und eine kundenorientierte Arbeitsweise Ausgezeichneter Teamplayer, der gerne in einem integrativen Umfeld arbeitet, aber auch s
elbstständig arbeiten kann Ausgeprägte analytische Fähigkeiten und Problemlösungskompetenz     Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit,
 in einem vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeitenden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusamme
narbeiten, von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönli
che Entwicklung und Weiterbildung unserer  Mitarbeitenden  .   Hier   erfährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility
. Haben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeug
nissen und Diplomen. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an unser Recruiting Team wenden (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).    The except
ional EY experience. It's yours to build   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital Pathology Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englis
ch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:BernRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, P
hysics, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)AP
PLICATION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS:
 Full-timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Sk?odowska-Cur
ie Actions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (
DC). This DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. Th
e primary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Scie
nce at the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of T
issue Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of 
the secondary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure th
is, a portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to com
putational biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023,
 she led the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies f
or personalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and
 pediatric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, 
with a particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentr
ated on cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. 
Inti Zlobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to
 Odyssey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer
 scientists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand
, to build tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptom
ic and protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for
 Digital & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for
 Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD stud
ents related to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in t
he field of cardiovascular inflammation. Tasks  Key Responsibilities:  Develop deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. Train
 this model using both publicly available single-cell data in CMD diseases, as well as spatially resolved molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners
. Focus on model interpretability to identify significant spatial regions and immune profiles. Investigate and address uncertainties in AI models, ada
pting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Contribute to scientific recommendations on AI model robustness. Expect
ed Outcomes: Novel interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. A novel AI-based classifier of immune profiles.   R
equirements  REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field,
 such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a good understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiolog
y, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry, will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their
 degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements:
 REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills:  Able to perform team-oriented as well as inde
pendent work Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python. Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, 
probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communication skills in English (both written and spoke
n) Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowledge of interpretable deep learning methods. Go
od understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.   We offer  The Faculty of Medicine at the University of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educa
tes over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjec
ts, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of death. Through collaborative research with the Uni
versity of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental
 science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach positions the faculty as a leader in both educa
tion and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:   https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html     https://www.
cvrc.unibe.ch/    Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus family allowance if applicable, family status is ass
essed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and employee's National insurance deductions and will b
e paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train a new generation of researchers working on the
 latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage biology in the context of cardiometabolic disease
. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissues that are associated with disease initiation, 
development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of chronic inflammatory diseases and their treatmen
t. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve doctoral candidates will receive tailored traini
ng that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation as well as develop strategies to suppress them, 
via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modelling approaches. Moreover, they will be able to de
velop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinicians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. I
t is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic institutions in the MIRACLE network that will signi
ficantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructures, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at 
the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the scientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network cons
ists of the following institutions and companies:  Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coordinator) Maastricht University, NL University 
of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven University of Bern AstraZeneca University of Cali
fornia San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atherosclerosis Society  Applications will be consider
ed on a rolling basis until June 30, 2024. Interested candidates should submit a short letter of interest outlining their reasons for applying to our 
group, a curriculum vitae including the names of two references, a list of publications, and copies of academic qualification certificates as a single
 PDF file by email to: E-Mail schreiben. For more information, visit  our website  .KontaktUniversität Bern(4)108 Jobshttps://www.unibe.chBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital Pathology Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englis
ch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Hochschulstrasse 4, 3008 BernRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field
, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the da
te of the recruitment)APPLICATION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporar
y, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZO
N / Marie Sk?odowska-Curie Actions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD studen
t / Doctoral Candidate (DC). This DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 
1st of February 2024. The primary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical
 Informatics & Data Science at the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher
 with the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and
 will join the group of the secondary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups i
s expected. To ensure this, a portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics.
 She transitioned to computational biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA)
. Between 2013 and 2023, she led the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel co
mputational strategies for personalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia
 focused on prostate and pediatric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artifici
al intelligence models, with a particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, h
er research has concentrated on cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of 
B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Zlobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzer
land, where she leads to Odyssey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology researc
h hub, bringing computer scientists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research g
roup are on the one hand, to build tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the late
st spatial (transcriptomic and protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pat
hology Working Group for Digital & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team 
member of the Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medic
ine (BCPM). The PhD students related to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scie
ntists specializing in the field of cardiovascular inflammation. Tasks  Key Responsibilities:  Develop a multi-scale model of the immune system to inv
estigate inflammation by extending existing models (focused on T and B cell biology) to include macrophages. Train this model using both publicly avai
lable single-cell data in CMD diseases. Using the developed model, characterize the dynamical interplay and cellular communication between T cells and
 macrophages in atherosclerosis. Integrate spatial molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners to enable accurate cellular simulations of CMDs. Inves
tigate and address uncertainties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Expected Outcomes: De
velopment of an accurate model for the mechanistic investigation of chronic inflammation and CMD. Innovative models to explore therapeutic interventio
ns in CMD. Development of new interpretable deep learning methods for multi-omics data integration.   Requirements  REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (
MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science
, etc. Additionally, a good understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sc
iences, or Biochemistry, will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the 
applicant should be able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both wri
tten and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills:  Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python.
 Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communicat
ion skills in English (both written and spoken). Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowle
dge of interpretable deep learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.   We offer  The Faculty of Medicine at the Universit
y of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty 
emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of deat
h. Through collaborative research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physio
logy and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach p
ositions the faculty as a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:   https://www.me
dizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html      https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/    Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus famil
y allowance if applicable, family status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and empl
oyee's National insurance deductions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train
 a new generation of researchers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage bi
ology in the context of cardiometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissue
s that are associated with disease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of c
hronic inflammatory diseases and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve d
octoral candidates will receive tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation a
s well as develop strategies to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modellin
g approaches. Moreover, they will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinic
ians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic inst
itutions in the MIRACLE network that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructure
s, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the s
cientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies:  Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coo
rdinator) Maastricht University, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Un
iversity of Bern AstraZeneca University of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atheros
clerosis Society   MIRACLE   Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 30, 2024. Interested candidates should submit a short lette
r of interest outlining their reasons for applying to our group, a curriculum vitae including the names of two references, a list of publications, and
 copies of academic qualification certificates as a single PDF file by email to: E-Mail schreiben. For more information, visit  our website  .KontaktU
niversität Bern(4)108 Jobshttps://www.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Pricing Aktuar (m/w/d) 80 - 100% Zürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AG / Zurich Insurance Company Ltd / Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SABewerbenJob mer
kenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellung Arbeitsort:CH - Zürich  Willkommen in deiner Zukunft!  Zurich ist e
ine starke Marke - mehr als 1,4 Millionen Schweizer Kundinnen und Kunden vertrauen auf unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen. Die Basis unseres Erfolgs
 bilden unsere 53'000 Mitarbeitenden weltweit, die unseren Kunden in 210 Ländern und Gebieten helfen, ihre Risiken besser zu verstehen und sich gegen 
diese zu schützen. Um die tägliche Leistung zu erbringen, bieten wir unseren Mitarbeitenden flexible Arbeitsmodelle und interessante Weiterbildungsmög
lichkeiten. Als Zurich-Mitarbeitender profitierst du von einer Vielzahl an Vorteilen und einer starken Kultur, geprägt von Akzeptanz, Vielfältigkeit u
nd Teamorientierung.  Bist du ein Aktuar oder Data Scientist, der sich für das Versicherungsgeschäft begeistert? Möchtest du mit deinen kreativen Idee
n im Team etwas für unsere Firmenkunden bewegen? Als Aktuar Pricing P&C (Nicht-Leben) kombinierst du dein technisches Fachwissen mit ausgeprägtem Gesc
häftsverständnis, um bei der Entwicklung von Lösungen in den Bereichen Tarifierung, Preisoptimierung und Portfolio-Steuerung für das Firmenkunden-Gesc
häft unserer Schweizer Geschäftseinheit mitzuwirken. Für diese Position suchen wir eine motivierte Persönlichkeit mit einer hohen Eigeninitiative, die
 stets bestrebt ist, in einem dynamischen und marktnahen Umfeld die optimalsten Lösungen zu erarbeiten und umzusetzen. Wenn du bereit bist für unsere 
Kunden dein Zahlenflair mit deinem Geschäftssinn zu kombinieren, dann ist dies die richtige Stelle für dich!  Zurich Schweiz gehört als Arbeitgeberin 
zu den Top 10 der Schweiz. Werde auch du Teil davon und bewirb dich als Pricing Aktuar.    Was du tust      Du übernimmst die aktive Rolle für die Pre
isgestaltung unserer Unfall- und Krankentaggeldversicherungen (UVG und KTG) für Firmenkunden und arbeitest als Business Partner eng mit dem Produktman
agement sowie anderen Abteilungen zusammen Du kümmerst dich um das Design, die (Weiter-) Entwicklung, Implementierung von Tarifen, Pricing Tools und M
assnahmen zur Zielerreichung  Du entwickelst prädiktive Modelle, um die optimierte Preisgestaltung, Berechnung und angemessene Vorhersage von Pricing-
 und Profitabilitätskennzahlen zu ermöglichen Du stellst die relevanten quantitativen Grundlagen für Tarif- und Produktentscheidungen unter Berücksich
tigung der Marktentwicklungen bereit Du beteiligst dich proaktiv an der Entwicklung und Umsetzung innovativer Ideen in der Produktgestaltung     Was d
u mitbringst   Bachelor- oder Masterabschluss mit Schwerpunkt in einem quantitativen Bereich wie Mathematik, Statistik, Data Science oder Physik Erfah
rung im Bereich Pricing P&C (Nicht-Leben) und Kenntnisse des Schweizerischen Versicherungsmarktes  Umfangreiche Kenntnisse in statistischen Modellieru
ngstechniken sowie in modernen Skriptsprachen zur Datenanalyse und -manipulation (bevorzugt R) Ausgeprägtes analytisches Denkvermögen, selbstständige 
Arbeitsweise und unternehmerisches Denken Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse      Dein Kontakt  Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant: Philippe 
Frutiger (+41 44 628 32 20)    Zusätzliche Informationen  Teilzeit oder Vollzeit: 80 - 100 % Arbeitsort:  Zürich, Oerlikon    Hybrides Arbeiten: bis z
u 60 %   Wir freuen uns auf deine Onlinebewerbung - auch ohne Bewerbungsschreiben. Gerne kannst du uns bei einem persönlichen Kennenlernen von deiner 
Motivation überzeugen.    Wer wir sind  Zurich ist eine starke Marke - mehr als 1,4 Millionen Schweizer Kundinnen und Kunden vertrauen auf unsere Prod
ukte und Dienstleistungen. Die Basis unseres Erfolgs bilden unsere 53'000 Mitarbeitenden weltweit, die unseren Kunden in 210 Ländern und Gebieten helf
en, ihre Risiken besser zu verstehen und sich gegen diese zu schützen. Um die tägliche Leistung zu erbringen, bieten wir unseren Mitarbeitenden flexib
le Arbeitsmodelle und interessante Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten. Als Zurich-Mitarbeitender profitierst du von einer Vielzahl an Vorteilen und einer sta
rken Kultur, geprägt von Akzeptanz, Vielfältigkeit und Teamorientierung. Bei Zurich pflegen wir eine Kultur der Vielfalt und Inklusion. Unsere Ziele u
nd Werte sind geschaffen, um unsere Mitarbeitenden zu schützen, Vertrauen zu fördern und zu helfen, ihr volles Potential auszuschöpfen. Wir stehen ein
 für Gerechtigkeit und Gleichheit unter unseren Angestellten, unabhängig vom Geschlecht, Geschlechtsidentität, sexueller Orientierung, Herkunft, ethni
scher Zugehörigkeit, Religion, etc. Die Gewinnung unserer Talente sowie die Rekrutierungsprozesse spiegeln dieses Bekenntnis im Alltag. Steige bei uns
 ein und werde Teil dieser Kultur.  Weshalb ist Zurich seit über 150 Jahren erfolgreich?  Sehe hier selbst   und werde Teil davon.    Information für 
Personalvermittler  Zürich nimmt für diese Position keine unaufgeforderten Bewerbungen von Personalvermittlern entgegen. Personalvermittler reichen da
her bitte keine Bewerberunterlagen an unsere Mitarbeitenden oder über unser Online-Karriere-Portal ein. Wir lehnen jegliche Verantwortung für unaufgef
ordert eingereichte Bewerbungen sowie etwaige Gebühren ab und danken für das Verständnis.  KontaktZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AG / Zurich Insura
nce Company Ltd / Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SA(6)178 Jobshttps://www.zurich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Beraterin/Projektleiterin digitale Transformation mit Fokus auf Gen AI und Automatisierung 80-100%, CSP AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentli
cht:06 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Teufener Strasse 5, 9000 St. GallenIn einer Welt, in der künstliche Intelligenz den Wandel 
vorantreibt und ständig neue Möglichkeiten eröffnet, ist Anpassungsfähigkeit eine Schlüsselkompetenz. Möchtest du Unternehmen und Organisationen dabei
 unterstützen, diesen Wandel zu navigieren und gemeinsam innovative Lösungen zu entwickeln? Bist du bereit, als Bindeglied zu fungieren und effektive 
Kommunikation zwischen Kunden, Technologietreibern und Partnern sowie zwischen technischen Teams und Endanwendern zu gewährleisten? Verfügst du über a
usgeprägte Fähigkeiten in Projektmanagement, Beratung bez. Umsetzung, insbesondere in den Bereichen künstliche Intelligenz, AI-Chatbots, Power Apps, A
utomation und Datenmanagement? Möchtest du Teil eines smarten und professionellen Teams sein, das durch seine innovative Struktur und Denkweise bestic
ht? Dann freuen wir uns darauf, dich kennenzulernen. Komm an Bord  Die CSP ist ausgezeichnet von «Great Place To Work®» und operiert seit 1998 als erf
olgreiches Beratungs- und Projektleitungsunternehmen in Bereichen wie Unternehmens- und Strategieentwicklung, Organisationstransformation und Digitali
sierung. Unsere Passion «Wir machen Kunden besser durch erfolgreiche Transformation in Technologie, Organisation und Kultur» motiviert uns, in unseren
 Mandaten innovative und nutzenstiftende Lösungen zu schaffen. Wir verstehen uns als unabhängige Vertrauenspartnerinnen wie auch als umsetzungsorienti
erte Beraterinnen und Projektleiterinnen, die auch in den Rollen als Impulsgeberinnen, Guide, Enabler, Coach, Botschafterinnen wie auch als Wissensver
mittlerinnen agieren. Wir überzeugen mit einem Mix aus Wissen, Erfahrung und Kompetenz. Wir wachsen mit unserer vielfältigen Kundenbasis in den Branch
en öffentliche Verwaltung, Gesundheitswesen, Energie, Sicherheit sowie Handel, Industrie und Dienstleistungen stetig. Heute arbeiten wir an unseren St
andorten St. Gallen, Bern, Zürich und Basel – und natürlich bei Kunden vor Ort und im Homeoffice. Wir leben unsere eigene geführte Selbstorganisations
form CSPstars (CSP – selbstorganisiert, teamorientiert, agil, resilient und smart) und entwickeln diese stetig weiter. Und: Das Abenteuer geht weiter 
– mit Weitsicht ebnen wir den Weg für die Zukunft und schaffen Chancen!  Deine Mission   Als zuverlässige und vertrauenswürdige Beraterin übernimmst d
u die Projektleitung und Umsetzung in Vorhaben, die künstliche Intelligenz, Automation und Datenmanagement einbeziehen. Du arbeitest eng mit Teammitgl
iedern und Kunden zusammen, um die Transformation ihrer Organisationen, Technologien und Kulturen voranzutreiben. Dabei bringst du Begeisterung und En
gagement ein, um nachhaltigen Mehrwert zu schaffen. Deine Aufgaben sind vielfältig: Du leitest Workshops, erstellst tiefgehende Analysen, entwickelst 
Strategien und entwirfst Umsetzungskonzepte für AI-basierte Lösungen. Du bist bereit, fortschrittliche und zukunftsorientierte Fragestellungen mit mod
ernsten Tools und Methoden zu bearbeiten, um die Bedürfnisse verschiedener Stakeholder und die spezifischen Herausforderungen der Unternehmensumwelt z
u integrieren.  Du entwickelst innovative AI- oder Automatisierungs-Lösungen und begleitest unsere Kunden bei der Einführung als Proof of Concept und 
schliesslich im Daily Business. In Projekteinsätzen bei unseren Kunden arbeitest du sowohl eigenständig als auch im Team, zusammen mit CSP-Kolleginnen
 oder den Mitarbeitenden des Auftraggebers. Zusätzlich gestaltest du marktbezogene Aktivitäten und unterstützt den weiteren Auf- und Ausbau unseres An
gebots im Bereich der Digitalisierung, speziell in den Feldern künstlicher Intelligenz, Automation und Datenmanagement, als aktives Mitglied des "AI-C
ircles".    Wir bieten dir   Wir sind eine geführte Selbstorganisation. Du spürst dies unmittelbar in deinem Alltag durch Freiheitsgrade. So teilst du
 deine Zeit selbstständig ein, übernimmst Verantwortung und hast Raum, ganz du selbst zu sein. Charakteristisch für uns ist das Zusammenarbeiten in Ne
tzwerken und agilen Teams, wie auch der Verzicht auf eine Hierarchie. Unser «way of working» führt zu kurzen Reaktionszeiten und raschen Entscheidungs
findungsprozessen. Wir bewegen Menschen und damit Organisationen wertschätzend und partnerschaftlich.  Unser Anspruch an Events ist ultimativ. Begegnu
ngen, Überraschungen, Erinnerungen – sie stärken und schweissen uns als Team zusammen. Wir feiern als ganze Menschen und dürfen unseren privaten Teil 
einbringen. Diversität bedeutet für uns, ein ganzes Bouquet an Persönlichkeiten, Mindsets, Skills, Qualifikationen, Erfahrungen und Träumen im Team zu
 haben. Uns alle verbindet, dass wir gemeinsam und aktiv die Zukunft gestalten.  Du wirst dich entwickeln und täglich fachlich wie auch persönlich «wa
chsen», weiterführend unterstützen wir dich mit individuellen Weiterbildungsangeboten. Du hast die Flexibilität, deine Arbeitsleistung dort zu erbring
en, wo es für die Kunden und für dich passt; also beim Kunden, in einer Homebase in St. Gallen, Bern, Zürich oder Basel, oder im Homeoffice/Hybrid   A
nforderungen   Qualifikationen und Erfahrung:   Du verfügst über nachgewiesene Erfahrung als Berater oder Projektleiter in Projekten oder Mandaten, di
e sich speziell mit künstlicher Intelligenz, AI-Chatbots, Automation und Datenmanagement beschäftigen.   Du hast ein abgeschlossenes Studium an einer 
Fachhochschule oder Universität, vorzugsweise in einem relevanten Feld wie Informatik, Business Innovation, Data Science, Künstliche Intelligenz oder 
einem verwandten Bereich.   Zusatzqualifikationen:   Erfahrung mit Gen AI-Plattformen, LLMs, Azure oder ähnlichen Plattformen ist ein Plus.   Zertifik
ate oder Weiterbildungen in Projektmanagementmethoden wie HERMES Advanced, IPMA, Scrum oder spezifischen AI-Technologien sind von Vorteil.   Weitere F
ähigkeiten:   Fähigkeit, sowohl technische Details als auch strategische Geschäftsziele effektiv zu kommunizieren und Stakeholder verschiedener Ebenen
 zu überzeugen. Du kannst vernetzt denken und entwickelt mit uns unseren Circle weiter.   Die CSP sieht sich als progressive und faire Arbeitgeberin, 
welche auf Diversität, Inklusion und Gleichstellung setzt. Die CSPcrew wächst und wir suchen Talente. Gestalte die Entwicklung unserer Kunden und jene
 der CSP mit. Besuche uns auf unserer Homepage  www.csp-ag.ch   oder folge uns auf  LinkedIn  . Bei Fragen ist Madeleine Grawehr (+41 71 231 10 66 ode
r E-Mail schreiben) gerne für dich da. Aus Gründen der besseren Lesbarkeit nennen wir vornehmlich das weibliche Geschlecht. Wir möchten aber klarstell
en, dass wir immer alle Geschlechter (a) meinen: #welivediversityKontaktMadeleine Grawehr071 231 10 60E-Mail schreibenCSP AG(7)1 Jobhttps://www.csp-ag
.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Clinical Data Manager Symbios Orthopédie SABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisc
h (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Avenue des Trois-Lacs 26c, 1400 Yverdon-les-Bains Symbios is a Swiss medical technology company, and the leader in custom-made
 orthopedic implants for hip and knee. Since its creation, and thanks to its 30 years of experience, Symbios has pioneered and constantly improved cus
tom implant manufacturing technology, becoming the company with the greatest expertise in this field worldwide. The company employs 260 people across 
the world, including over 200 at its headquarters in Yverdon-les-Bains.    To strengthen our Clinical Affairs team in Switzerland, we are currently lo
oking for a    Job description:    The Clinical Data Manager supports the department by executing sponsored clinical studies, from clinical data colle
ction in clinical studies to delivery of statistical analysis in support of regulatory activities. Its role is to evaluate dataflows and data integrit
y according to the EU Medical Device Regulation, and to establish the data management activities to ensure the delivery of high quality data and adher
ence to study milestones. Clinical Data Manager also expands the scope of Data Management beyond the study construct by requiring the ability to gener
ate knowledge and insights from clinical data to support other clinical research activities which requires different expertise, approaches, and techno
logies. This is a pivotal role which has been set to support the Clinical Affairs team in Clinical Research, Post-Market Surveillance and Clinical Eva
luation activities, where required, and based on priorities.    Responsibilities :  Support operational execution of global clinical trials following 
ISO 14155 requirements Develop and review key deliverables such as Case Report Form, Data Management Plan, Data Validation Plan writing and programmin
g, Data Transfer Agreement, in compliance with international regulatory guidelines and internal SOPs. Perform and oversee the development and validati
on of the clinical database, execution of the user acceptance testing, data cleaning and quality control. Review and provide feedback on key clinical 
study documents to support the Clinical Affairs Manager Ensure operational support of clinical study teams including the follow up on open action item
s Act as the primary point of contact for Data Management with the study teams, CRO and external vendors, the Data Scientist will coordinate the data 
management activities for outsourced clinical studies. Design and specify data reporting needs and dashboard to ensure high quality data acquisition a
nd smooth data review. Support the Clinical Affairs Manager to allow timely responses to Notified Bodies, Competent Authority, physicians, and other s
takeholders involved in Clinical activities. Provide continuous scientific and process improvement (ex. SOPs, WI, Forms.)      Qualifications & Requir
ed Knowledge, skills & Experience:    Master’s degree in Medical Technology, Life Sciences, Clinical Affairs, or Engineering (or equivalent work exper
ience in similar function) Good knowledge of the ISO 14155 requirements as well as EU Medical Device Regulation (EU) 2017/745 and European Medical Dev
ice Directive 93/42/EEC Minimum 7 years of experience in a similar position, including at least 3 years of experience in a medical device field specif
ically with data management and clinical affairs Strong organizational and planning skills, action oriented, focus urgency and drive for results Abili
ty to work autonomously, exercise daily judgment based on above regulatory knowledge Orientation for work result details, with emphasis on accuracy an
d completeness Fluent in English (minimum C1) and intermediate French level are required Good general computer literacy (PC, Microsoft Word/Excel/Powe
rPoint, Outlook) Ability to cope with high workload and pressure Solution-oriented and performance-minded working method Ability to travel occasionall
y   KontaktSymbios Orthopédie SA(0)2 Jobshttp://www.symbios.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100% EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique a
s you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice
 and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.   T
he opportunity    The rapidly growing Forensic Technology & eDiscovery department is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opp
ortunity to help us develop and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinar
y group of professionals who are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our
 technical knowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and acceler
ate the fact-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic 
knowhow for a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlatio
n engines, social network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities
       Working in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collab
orating with clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial s
ituations Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients Supporting the leadership te
am and the project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    D
egree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and at least 3 years of hands on experience in eDiscovery and digital investigation i
n a reputable consulting/eDiscovery firm At least 3 years of experience with Relativity, Nuix, SQL and other state-of-the-art eDiscovery tools Solid k
nowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Assertive and 
proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively within large 
organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required - any additional language is a plus     
 What we offer    International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve -
 a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility 
Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Busine
ss School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.
 Make the next step and apply for this position online. For further information please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66
).   The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Job
shttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Digital Investigations in Forensics 100% EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as
 you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice 
and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.   Th
e opportunity    The rapidly growing Forensic Technology & eDiscovery department is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career oppo
rtunity to help us develop and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary
 group of professionals who are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our 
technical knowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelera
te the fact-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic k
nowhow for a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation
 engines, social network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities 
      Working in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collabo
rating with clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial si
tuations Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients. Supporting the leadership te
am and the project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    T
o qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and interest in eDiscovery and digital inves
tigation as well as consulting  Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programmi
ng or scripting language Assertive and proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build 
relationships effectively within large organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required -
 any additional language is a plus     Ideally, you'll also have    Solid SQL skills or the interest to build them up quickly Interested in topics lik
e machine learning, unstructured data, NLP and other related topics.      What we offer    International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated pr
ofessionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve - a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern
 working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fu
lly accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate
 that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position online. For further informati
on please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).   The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    * exception of EY
 contractors, interns and alumni.   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscovery EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the globa
l scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice and perspective to help 
EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.  The Forensic Technology & e
Discovery team is a group of technical specialists that leverages data and technology to investigate high-profile financial crime matters related to f
raud, corruption, money-laundering, misconducts and support the enforcement of regulatory requirements. The nature of our work requires the collection
, processing and management of large sets of communications, documents and records from a wide array of information systems. We combine deep investiga
tion expertise with Forensic and eDiscovery technology to accelerate the fact-finding process.    The opportunity   The rapidly growing Forensic depar
tment is currently seeking the right candidates for an excellent career opportunity in the Forensic Technology and eDiscovery team. You will be respon
sible for providing critical support to our teams of investigators, clients, legal counsels and regulators in fact-finding activities. Our methodology
 incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as natural language processing, machine learning, predictive coding, social network analysis an
d automation. You will receive training on our forensic technologies and the opportunity to contribute to innovation. You will have a unique, career c
hanging opportunity to play a key role in the growth and strategy of the team.     Your key responsibilities   Working in engagement teams, carrying o
ut both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data. Collaborating with clients, fraud investigators, in
ternal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations. Working in our dedicated Forensic 
Technology & eDiscovery lab and secure platform to help clients secure and uncover facts with the use of technology. Innovating and developing new sol
utions to answer current and future needs of our clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager on the operational level and acting a
s a role model and coach for more junior team members.     Skills and attributes for success  To qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelo
r or Master) in all fields related to Computer Science, Engineering and other technical majors Strong problem solving, analytical, technical, and inte
rpersonal skills Consulting-oriented mindset, flexibility and "can-do" approach Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (German o
r French) is a plus).     Ideally, you'll also have   Experience with Relativity, Nuix, and other state-of-the-art Forensic Technology & eDiscovery to
ols. Solid programming skills with Python, R, SQL or other main programming languages Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics     Wha
t we offer   International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve - a syst
em of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transpa
rent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business Scho
ol, whilst working with EY, completely free*     * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.      If you can demonstrate that you meet the crit
eria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position (ID: 814785) online. For further information please 
contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    KontaktEY (Ernst & Young
 AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software QA Engineer Tandem Diabetes Care Switzerland SàrlBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Sprache:Französisch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:1025 St-Sulpice VDTandem Diabetes Care Switzerland Sàrl, a subsidiary of Tandem Diabe
tes Care, Inc., is a MedTech start-up located in EPFL’s Innovation Park in Lausanne, Switzerland.  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., is a global insulin del
ivery and diabetes technology company based in San Diego, California.  Together we are creating new possibilities for people living with diabetes, the
ir loved ones, and the healthcare providers through a positively different experience. GROW WITH US:  Tandem Diabetes Care Switzerland Sàrl, a subsidi
ary of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., is a MedTech start-up located in EPFL’s Innovation Park in Lausanne, Switzerland. Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., is a 
global insulin delivery and diabetes technology company based in San Diego, California. Together we are creating new possibilities for people living w
ith diabetes, their loved ones, and the healthcare providers through a positively different experience.  INNOVATE EVERYDAY:  Tandem Diabetes Care Swit
zerland is developing Sigi™, a next-generation insulin “patch pump” that will offer additional treatment options for people with diabetes. This pump i
s based on a patented microfluidics technology developed in-house over the past 6 years. You can find out more about Sigi  here  .  A DAY IN THE LIFE:
  The Software Quality Assurance Engineer is responsible for providing quality guidance and support for software product launch, sustaining engineerin
g software projects, and quality system activities to assure conformance to established specifications.Please note that this role will not be responsi
ble for any software development or testing, but rather guiding our software teams in quality assurance, risk management, and compliance activities to
 ensure the successful launch and sustainability of software products, while optimizing internal operations for efficiency and quality. Working from T
andem Diabetes Care Switzerland’s office onsite in Switzerland, you’ll….   Set up all the tools and procedures required to develop the firmware and so
ftware of our insulin injection system in compliance with IEC 62304 and ISO 13485. Develop software standard operating procedures, software test metho
dologies, and software verification & validation protocols and reports. Write all software specifications. Drive risk management activities (hazard id
entification, risk assessment and risk control) for all software development and participate to overall project risk management activities with team. 
Advise and support engineers on regulatory compliance for Software and General Data Protection Regulation. Lead computer software validation used for 
the monitoring and measurement of requirements and used in the Quality Management System (AAMI TIR 36) Collaborate with team members to determine best
 practices and requirements for software. Develop product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility. Coordinate and oversee 
technical standards in collaboration with QA/RA team, including software coding standards, tools, and platforms. Ensure effective change control activ
ities during the product life cycle. Create the required documentation (design history file) for each software release. Create and support test protoc
ols for the verification and validation of hardware and embedded software. Partner closely with other team members to successfully bring the prototype
s in clinical study and obtain regulatory approvals. Independently manage third-party vendors including software components providers. Confirm complet
ion of required training plan before assuming job responsibilities. Ensure work is performed in compliance with company policies including Privacy/HIP
AA and other regulatory, legal, and safety requirements.   YOU’RE AWESOME AT:  Outstanding knowledge of IEC 62304. Shall have already implemented the 
necessary process and tools to develop firmware and software according to this standard. Experience with FDA software validation, Cybersecurity, Data 
Protection and Artificial Intelligence guidance. Deep knowledge of software engineering, both process and tools (incl. continuous integration and test
ing). Experience performing software risk management for Class IIa (or higher) medical devices. Solid experience in structured product development (re
quirements-driven engineering, architecture modeling, detailed design, SW FMEA, formal verification, release processes, etc.). Experience with develop
ment within an ISO 13485 certified QMS. Demonstrated ability to work within a fast-paced start-up environment in a small team setting. Comfortable wor
king autonomously and also as a team player. Experience and/or specialization in one or more of the following areas: Health software – IEC 82304-1 Sta
ndards for Cybersecurity – UL 2900-1, IEC 62443 series, FDA guidances Guidances on Software as a Medical Device Experience in the application of ISO 1
4971 to medical device software and link with IEC 62304 Artificial Intelligence is a plus Experience in C and C++ language Medical electrical equipmen
t – IEC 60601 series General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679   Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively use 
MS Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook) and other applicable software packages. Able to assert own ideas and persuade others through effectively consol
idating, evaluating, and presenting relevant information. Fluent in French, excellent in English.   YOU'LL NEED:    Bachelor’s degree in Software Engi
neering, Computer Sciences or related field or equivalent combination of education and years of applicable experience. 3 years’ professional experienc
e.   WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?  In addition to innovative technology, we have a culture that fosters the idea that the happiest people are the most produc
tive people. Not only do we hire forward-thinking achievers to join our workforce; we reward, develop, and retain them too. We offer:  A high-tech and
 innovative environment in MedTech Excellent working conditions, autonomy, being part of a motivated and highly qualified team Interesting and stimula
ting work in an innovative field with high potential Pleasant environment within the EPFL Innovation Park, with possibility to benefit from the campus
 infrastructure   BE YOU, WITH US!  We are firmly committed to being an equal opportunity employer and maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment
. We value and embrace that every single one of us brings value to the table. But sometimes we forget that when we don’t meet 100% of a job descriptio
n’s criteria – maybe you’re feeling that way right now? We encourage you to apply anyway. Because we want you to be you, with us.KontaktTandem Diabete
s Care Switzerland Sàrl(0)2 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager - Business Consulting - Digital Supply Chain Planning EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:1
00%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagpl. 1, 8005 Zurich At EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as yo
u are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice and
 perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The
 opportunity  Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted advi
ce to clients, combining end to end supply chain strategy, procurement and product portfolio management. In the area of Supply Chain & Operations you 
will accompany organizations in the implementation of company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning programs - from strategy and concept to developmen
t and implementation.    Your key responsibilities   Accompany organizations in the implementation of company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning pr
ograms - from strategy and concept to development and implementation. Support CSCOs and COOs of some of the leading global companies in designing and 
implementing their Supply Chain planning transformations as the world becomes digital, consumer needs change and the shape of the supply networks fund
amentally changes Play a central role delivering transformation as well as advising our clients and their business partners on how to continue to driv
e top line and bottom-line improvements specifically in the area of Supply Chain Planning: effectively manage and synchronize customer demand, supply 
chain assets, and working capital to drive and deliver improvements in customer service levels, supply chain costs, and working capital    The functio
nal scope includes the entirety of the planning domain: demand planning and forecasting including machine learning, supply planning, inventory plannin
g, distribution requirement planning, MRP, allocation, detailed scheduling including line constraints and CRP, and the overarching S&OE, and S&OP / IB
P processes.    Support from strategy creation to implementation of supply chain digital and analytics capabilities working closely with Technology, T
ransactions, PLM and Sustainability teams Maintain an understanding of advancements in technology and innovations which are happening across digital, 
analytics, the supply chain ecosystem and broader marketplace Support the business in developing EY knowledge and concepts for our practice, whilst al
so actively establishing, maintaining and strengthening internal and external relationships Establish and strengthen client relationships with the CSC
O, as well as COO, CFO, CPO, and Operations executives     Skills and attributes for success   6+ years of experience at a top tier management consult
ing and/or project leadership experience in the industry in complex and significant transformation programs within Supply Chain. Strong analytical and
 problem-solving skills, rigorous working methods, high motivation and an entrepreneurial and customer-oriented mindset Proven project management expe
rience, with ability to lead and mobilize cross-functional teams and deliver complex and high-impact programs Sector experience in Consumer Products a
nd/or Life Sciences industries Empathetic personality, excellent team leadership skills and enjoy working in a collaborative and inclusive environment
 A strong interest in digital and some working experience with tools such as SAP IBP, OMP, o9 , E2Open, BlueYonder, Kinaxis, Logility, Aera, RPA / ML 
/ intelligent automation and ERP systems Experience in project sales activities, e.g. proposal creation / business development, and understanding of b
usiness metrics Excellent English skills and fluent in either German (preferred) or French - additional languages are assets Ideally Zurich-based with
 flexibility & willingness to travel regionally and globally A degree in supply chain, business administration, industrial engineering with top result
s     What we offer  EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and inclusive environment with around 3,000 employees from 64 different countries.
 You will collaborate with the best, learn from the best and continually grow, as we invest a significant portion of our annual turnover in the person
al development and training of our  employees  . Click  here   to find out more about our benefits and corporate social responsibility.    Have we spa
rked your interest? We look forward to receiving your complete application with CV, cover letter and certificates.  For more information, please conta
ct our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5
)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management Consulting PwCBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum
:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse)Arbeitsort:Birchstrasse 160, 8050 ZürichWe in PwC are passionate to help our clients to mo
ve towards what we call a "patient-centric" quality approach: We believe that Quality is the lifeblood of a Life Science organization. It is the root 
of the business, not just there for compliance but to support the growth and healthiness of the whole organisation. To grow effectively and manage the
 network of cross-functional, branching processes well, you need not only connected technology systems but also a Quality culture. Quality is a living
 breathing part of the organisation, tended by trained and passionate staff throughout the business, driving operational excellence with the ultimate 
goal to benefit the patient.100%  Your Impact     You will, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders fro
m high-profile clients across the Life Sciences industry. The projects typically include transforming (quality) operating models and implementing digi
tal and analytics (quality) platforms across R&D, manufacturing / supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through chan
ging quality culture / mind-sets, improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytic
s and AI. The outcomes we help clients deliver include driving faster development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and ext
ernal data through advanced analytics and machine learning, improving quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all th
ose across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, with particular focus on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical 
affairs. The role will work closely with our consulting teams covering commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value ch
ain. You will work with international clients and we will provide you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switze
rland and abroad. You will be collaborating with PwC's global network of life sciences and Technology experts, you will have access to our market lead
ing propositions, methodologies, assets and training materials. You will work in a fast-growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiali
ty and strong teamwork.   Your Skill Set     You have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus initial experience working 
in life sciences, either as a consultant or within R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company. You have had exposure to some of the f
ollowing areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality system improvement / maintenance, proces
s improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics technologies in a GxP regulated environment. You pay attention to detail, have strong
 problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. You are passionate about "quality" and believe that quality is a catalyst to drive busines
s performance and innovation in the health industries and markets. You have excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening and communication skills. 
You are fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clients. You are a pa
ssionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with clients and colleagues after work.   Your Contact  Francisca Richter  About PwC  PwC S
witzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations 
and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwC(13)24 Jobshttps://www.pwc.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formation EMPABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%
Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Lerchenfeldstrasse 5, 9014 St. Gallen             PhD position in Discovery of novel biom
arkers for chronic wound formation      Materials science and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employee
s make essential contributions to the well-being of society for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. In a close co
llaboration with several other Empa groups, the ' Multi-omics for healthcare materials  ' and ' Nanomaterials Spectroscopy and Imaging  ' groups are s
tarting a multidisciplinary project aiming to discover novel protein and metabolite biomarkers specific for the early phases of chronic wound developm
ent. The project will be part of a larger initiative focused on the design of a precision, self-care integrated system to completely understand, simul
ate, and monitor skin wound evolution, with the ultimate aim to treat and prevent chronic wounds. The candidate will focus on the characterization of 
chronic wounds arising from venous ulcers and perform comprehensive proteomic and metabolomic characterization of wound exudates from patients. Furthe
rmore, the candidate will demonstrate Raman spectroscopy as a rapid, noninvasive, and label-free omics technology enabling metabolic profiling and bio
marker detection in wound exudates.  Your tasks   Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Implementation of established and
 development of new workflows for biomarker identification from omics datasets (proteomics, metabolomics, Raman)  Combining Raman spectroscopy and mas
s spectrometry-based proteomics, along with cutting-edge machine learning approaches, to enable timely identification of high risk for the chronic wou
nd formation Coordinate preparation of wound fluids and perform Raman spectroscopy measurements  Coordination of activities with project partners, inc
luding clinicians  Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences   Your profile    A strong background in computational biolog
y, physics, physical chemistry or materials science  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication
 skills with a good command of the English language  Interest in clinically applied research and enthusiasm for combining experimental and computation
al work  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Prior experience with Raman spectroscopy    Our offer   A highly interdisciplinary and suppor
tive environment  A cutting-edge research project project which will be instrumental for guiding new therapeutic approaches for wound healing  World-c
lass teams committed to exploring the next-generation of biomedical applications  A global network of collaborators and clinical partners with opportu
nities for building a competitive research portfolio.  In addition, we offer outstanding infrastructure, a broad interdisciplinary environment and com
petitive salaries. The position is based at Empa, St. Gallen with frequent visits to Empa headquarters in the Zurich area, and it is available from Se
ptember 2024, or upon mutual agreement, with a planned duration of 3 to 4 years. The PhD student will be enrolled at ETH Zurich. The student will be a
dditionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics. For additional information, please contact Dr Marija Buljan (Write an email) or Dr 
Mirjana Dimitrievska (Write an email).   We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainab
le and meaningful activities - that's what counts. We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV,
 certificates, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and b
y post will not be considered.   Patricia Nitzsche,Stv. Leiterin Human Resources / Dep. Head Human Resources        Questions?   Dr.  Marija Buljan Wr
ite an email Group LeaderParticles-Biology Interactions+41 58 765 79 08   https://www.empa.ch/web/s403/datasci4nanotech             Your future place 
of work  EmpaLerchenfeldstrasse 59014 St. Gallen      Empa as an employer      Innovative, sustainable, meaningful activities       Creating added val
ue for society       International, multicultural working environment       Freedom to create and develop       Culture of inclusion and respect      
 Excellent balance between different areas of life       Multiple award-winning and certified employer       Benefits for rail, mobile, childcare, cat
ering, etc.       Good to know    Empa website       Working in Switzerland       Employment process       Conditions of employment                  A
pply now       KontaktEmpa(15)8 Jobshttps://www.empa.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Poste de doctorant/doctorante dans le domaine de la métrologie de la pollution lumineuse (4 ans - 10 Eidgenössisches Institut für MetrologieBewerbenJo
b merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Französisch (Fortgeschritten), 
Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Lindenweg 50, 3003 Bern-WabernPoste de doctorant/doctorante dans le domaine de la métrologie de la pollution lumin
euse (100%) Laboratoire Optique | de suite ou pour une date à convenir (poste limité à quatre ans) L’Institut fédéral de métrologie (METAS) développe 
des unités de référence reconnues au niveau international avec l’exactitude que requièrent l’économie, la recherche et l’administration fédérale. Il d
ispose à cet effet d’une infrastructure de pointe pour l’étalonnage et l’évaluation de la conformité d’instruments de mesure selon un standard de qual
ité reconnu sur le plan international. Financé par le Fonds national suisse de la recherche scientifique (FNS), le projet de recherche «Spotlight» a p
our objectif d'établir le lien entre l’éclairage extérieur nocturne et son impact écologique ainsi que d’étudier les effets de ses stratégies d’atténu
ation sur la société. Ce projet rassemble des chercheurs de l’Institut fédéral de métrologie (METAS), de l’Institut fédéral de recherches sur la forêt
, la neige et le paysage (WSL), de l’Université de Zurich (UZH) et d'Elektrizitätswerke des Kantons Zürich (EKZ). La contribution de METAS au projet c
onsiste principalement dans le développement d’une approche holistique de la mesure et l’évaluation de la pollution lumineuse produite par la lumière 
artificielle nocturne en recourant à des systèmes de mesure terrestres et aériens du rayonnement visible. Il n’existe pas à l’heure actuelle d'instrum
ents ou de méthodes convenus ou normalisés pour quantifier les aspects de la pollution lumineuse (p. ex. instruments, géométries, positions d’observat
eurs, spectres d’activité, etc.), ni de paramètres de qualité pour évaluer les installations d’éclairage extérieures. Dans le cadre de ce projet, META
S recherche un doctorant/une doctorante pour une recherche fondamentale et appliquée sur le thème de la «métrologie de la pollution lumineuse» pendant
 4 ans à partir du 1er septembre 2024. Le doctorant/la doctorante mènera ses recherches dans le laboratoire optique de METAS et sera supervisé par le 
professeur André Stefanov de l’Institut de physique appliquée de l’Université de Berne.  Tâches principales et défis de la recherche de doctorat:  Étu
dier et sélectionner les instruments et grandeurs pertinents pour développer des paramètres de qualité adaptés en vue de l’évaluation de la pollution 
lumineuse en tenant compte des aspects spectraux, spatiaux, directionnels et temporels de l’éclairage. Définir des géométries et méthodes de mesure po
ur les aspects principaux de la pollution lumineuse (p. ex. lumière intrusive, halo lumineux, évaluation environnementale, etc.) en recourant à des so
lutions techniques terrestres et aériennes. Développer une solution de drone dotée d'un groupe d’instruments dédiés (recourant principalement à des ca
pteurs d’imagerie) ainsi que des méthodes de mesure en trois dimensions pour des mesures de scènes extérieures de nuit sur le terrain. Développer des 
algorithmes d’analyse d’ensembles de données et d’images basés sur la photogrammétrie et la théorie de la vision par ordinateur pour le traitement des
 données mesurées et le calcul des paramètres de qualité. Collaborer avec des partenaires de projet sur l’évaluation interdisciplinaire de l’impact de
 la pollution lumineuse sur l’environnement et la société.    Exigences du poste:  Master en physique ou en ingénierie Travail dans les locaux de META
S à Berne, Suisse, à 80% au moins Disponibilité pour des mesures nocturnes et des déplacements en Suisse et en Europe Connaissances en programmation P
ython et/ou MATLAB Expérience en vision par ordinateur et en prototypage d’installations de mesure Connaissances facultatives en photométrie, en radio
métrie et en optique Connaissances facultatives en photogrammétrie et en télédétection    Nous vous offrons une activité exigeante à l’interface entre
 recherche, économie, société et développement métrologique. Vous disposerez d’une grande autonomie dans un environnement professionnel collégial   Vo
tre candidature Pour de plus amples renseignements, veuillez vous adresser à Monsieur Constantinos Bouroussis, Research Scientist (Écrire un email ou 
+41 58 387 03 46). Nous nous réjouissons de recevoir votre dossier de candidature complet. Pour ce poste, nous ne prenons pas en considération les age
nces de placement. Le METAS est attentive aux différents parcours de vie et besoins de ses collaboratrices et collaborateurs et en favorise la diversi
té. Il accorde la plus haute priorité à l'égalité de traitement.   Votre contact Sandrine SeilerHR Business Partner058 387 02 22  KontaktEidgenössisch
es Institut für Metrologie(1)22 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer on Risk Analytics (Ref. 2462) Bank J. Safra Sarasin AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:09 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Basel         About us       As a leading sustainable private bank, we offer dynamic and perso
nalized services in investment advisory and asset management for private and institutional clients. Our success depends on the enthusiasm and commitme
nt of our employees and we value each person with their unique technical expertise, professional qualifications and social skills. We are successfully
 operating for more than 180 years across 27 locations worldwide and offer our employees the chance to be a part of our success. Our employees are our
 most valuable asset, we are proud of our unique culture that fosters entrepreneurship and is fueled by a high team spirit and the positive attitude o
f each individual. Join our international team and be part of the next chapter of the J. Safra Sarasin Group.              Your role       As Software
 Engineer on Risk Analytics at Bank J. Safra Sarasin you are methodical and solution oriented. You will work closely with Business Intelligence Engine
ers and Data Scientists, being responsible for the Risk Analytics Architecture and provide permanent service to the Risk Analytics team. The selected 
candidate will be part of a dynamic team of highly talented individuals and will be encouraged to contribute with ideas, learn, design and implement. 
            Your responsibilities         Conduct business analysis in collaboration with various stakeholders Develop the risk analytics data archite
cture (SQL Server, .NET) Develop ETL processes and related workflows, monitoring and error handling (SSIS, Python) Develop analytics visualizations (S
SRS and PowerBI) Recommend enhancements and modifications to optimize current processes, maintaining documentation              Your profile        Un
iversity degree (university / FH) in IT Engineering or Computer Sciences 3 years of practical experience in the field Knowledge in SQL Server (T-SQL),
 SSIS, SSRS, PowerBI and .Net (C#) is required Industry specific knowledge is an advantage Strong analytical and problem solving skills as well as abi
lity to weight problems and set priorities Ability to work with various stakeholder as well as capability to work independently Fluency in English    
           Agencies, please contact our Human Resources department Write an email to submit profiles.   Please note that if you submit your applicatio
n, Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd will process your personal data for the purpose of the hiring and employment process. For further information, please rea
d the Data Privacy Statement for applicants available on the Bank's website  here  . By submitting your application, you then confirm your understandi
ng and acceptance of the above.     KontaktBank J. Safra Sarasin AG(14)25 Jobshttps://www.jsafrasarasin.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:28 April 20
24Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagplatz 1, 8005 ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as u
nique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your uniqu
e voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for a
ll.  The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and tr
usted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuarial Consult
ing teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actuarial profes
sionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banking, insuran
ce, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients' issues. Allowing you to develop a wide b
readth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consulting promis
es a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You will work on c
lient assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and modelling tec
hniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our clients. A
ssignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspects of the a
ctuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SST). You wil
l also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior management at ou
r clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad. You will b
e responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery of project s
treams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas, designing 
solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recommendations to
 our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, and enabler
s for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and business de
velopment initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least 3 years of relevant
 work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in:   Software asset d
evelopment Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong desire to 
structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Excellent i
nfrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Economi
cs or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic consulting 
environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and oral commu
nication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong stakeholde
r management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and diverse te
ams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stream. Knowl
edge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.   What w
e look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to act on yo
ur own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and 
inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continuously dev
elop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    Furthermore, we of
fer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the possibility to earn 
an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult International Bu
siness School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and join EY-spe
cific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employees.  Work-
life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our generous
 pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed for paren
ts at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have the chanc
e to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, you will h
ave the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiatives with
in Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity:  EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainable change
 for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences and needs,
 which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles, building more inclusive environments and enabling access to resour
ces and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines ensure the
 equal treatment we aim for. **  For more information, please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Ex
perience. It's Yours To Build. * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni. ** Depending on the rank  EY | Building a better working world   Kon
taktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagplatz 1, 8005 ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as uniq
ue as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique v
oice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.
  The opportunity  Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted
 advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuarial Consulting t
eams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actuarial professiona
ls across 17 countries.  Your Key Responsibilities   Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banking, insurance, and r
einsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients' issues. Allowing you to develop a wide breadth of
 skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consulting promises a fast
 paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You will work on client ass
ignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and modelling techniques t
o achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our clients. Assignment
s in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspects of the actuarial 
profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SST). You will also ha
ve the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior management at our clients
 and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad. You will be respons
ible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery of project streams an
d internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas, designing solutions
, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recommendations to our clie
nts in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, and enablers for a r
ange of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and business development
 initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success   At least 7 years of relevant work exper
ience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in:   Software asset development 
Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong desire to structure a
nd solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Excellent infrastructu
re and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Economics or relat
ed. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic consulting environment
 and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and oral communication sk
ills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong stakeholder managemen
t skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and diverse teams across 
functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stream. Knowledge in mac
hine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.   What we look for 
  You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to act on your own init
iative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer   EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and inclusive env
ironment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continuously develop yourself
 as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.  Furthermore, we offer attractive 
benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:     Further education: At EY, you have the possibility to earn an accredited Mas
ters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult International Business School, fr
ee of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and join EY-specific knowledge s
haring sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employees.  Work-life balance: Tak
e 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our generous pension fund pla
ns and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed for parents at EY will hel
p you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have the chance to choose one o
f our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, you will have the chance to
 make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiatives within Switzerland an
d abroad.  Social Equity:  EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainable change for greater soci
al equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences and needs, which we all nee
d to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles, building more inclusive environments and enabling access to resources and opportuni
ties so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines ensure the equal treatment 
we aim for. **    For more information, please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It's 
Yours To Build. * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni. ** Depending on the rank  EY | Building a better working world   KontaktEY (Ernst &
 Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director of Digital Services Omya AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baslerstr
asse 42, 4665 OftringenThe Director of Digital Services oversees all technology initiatives as part of the digital transformation of our enterprise an
d manufacturing processes. This role involves managing teams responsible for planning, building, and executing related solutions and services. This ro
le will oversee the work units of Business Engagement (the regional and functional business relationship managers), Solution Design & Implementation, 
and Service Operations. The primary objective of Digital Services is to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of all solutions and/or services supporting th
e business - enabling sales & marketing, supply-chain, sustainability, production, and plant-quarry logistics, finance, and HR, and assuring the maxim
um value can be derived from the systems being used and the data being produced. This role focuses of deploying technologies to ensure cost-efficient,
 effective, safe and secure business operations. The position is part of the Digital Transformation Leadership and co-responsible for driving the digi
tal transformation of the organization, leveraging the latest technologies and trends to enhance the customer experience, optimize operations, foster 
new business models, and promote the adoption of a digital transformation culture throughout the organization. Job main responsibilities  Lead the str
ategic direction and execution of all technological initiatives aimed at advancing the digital transformation of the enterprise. Oversee the developme
nt, implementation, and optimization of digital solutions and services, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives, financial conditions, quali
ty standards, best practices, and methodologies. Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to identify business requirements, assess technology n
eeds, and prioritize initiatives to drive continuous improvement and competitive advantage. Serve as a trusted advisor to senior leadership, providing
 insights and recommendations on technology investments, resource allocation, and strategic initiatives to drive long-term growth and sustainability. 
Work closely with business units and functional teams to prioritize initiatives, develop a comprehensive plan, and expertly oversee its execution. Dri
ve the adoption of emerging technologies, such as AI, machine learning, and IoT, to drive innovation and streamline processes across the existing digi
tal landscape. Stay abreast of the latest trends, technologies, market dynamics and best practices in the digital services domain to proactively ident
ify opportunities for innovation and improvement. Establish and maintain strategic partnerships with technology vendors and service providers to lever
age cutting-edge tools, resources, and expertise for optimal outcomes. Manage the end-to-end service lifecycle of solutions/services, from initiation 
to transition into operation, ensuring that service levels, agreements, and expectations are met or exceeded. Identify and mitigate risks, issues, and
 incidents related to the service operations, and mitigate as appropriate. Monitor and report on the value creation of the digital transformation road
map, of the related new solution and measure the effectiveness and impact of digital solutions/services, making data-driven decisions to optimize perf
ormance and ROI. Lead a multidisciplinary team in planning, designing, and deploying innovative technologies to enhance operational efficiency, produc
tivity, and customer experience. Foster a culture of excellence, collaboration, innovation, and continuous learning within the digital services team, 
empowering individuals to achieve their full potential and contribute to organizational success. Foster a culture of innovation and experimentation, e
ncouraging the exploration and adoption of modern technologies and approaches within the business and in collaboration the digital services team. Lead
, coach, and develop a high-performing team of business relationship managers, solution managers, service owners, service managers, engineers, and ana
lysts based on the defined culture and company values. Develop a deep understanding of customers, markets and competitors to inform the digital strate
gy.  Candidate profile requirements  Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or related field, and master's degree in technology managemen
t or business administration; or equivalent work experience. Minimum 10 years of experience in a senior leadership position within an international Di
gital transformation department or IT, demonstrating the ability to lead teams and drive strategic initiatives. Minimum 15 years of experience in serv
ice operations, solution design, implementation, and digital transformation Track record of delivering large-scale digital transformation projects wit
hin complex organizations. Demonstrated experience in leading organizational change management efforts, including driving cultural transformation and 
overcoming resistance to change. Experience collaborating with diverse stakeholders across multiple business functions to align digital strategies wit
h overall business objectives and priorities. Experience overseeing the implementation of transformative technologies such as ERP systems, CRM platfor
ms, digital marketing tools, or e-commerce solutions. Proficiency in strategic planning, roadmap development and setting KPI's. Demonstrated ability t
o foster a culture of innovation, experimentation, and continuous learning within the organization, including staying abreast of emerging technologies
 and industry trends. Strong executive presence and communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to no
n-technical stakeholders, including senior executives and board members. Strong knowledge and experience in applying ITIL, COBIT, Portfolio and Projec
t Management, and DevOps principles and practices to solution design and service operations. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making s
kills, with the ability to balance competing priorities and trade-offs. Highly motivated, self-directed, as well as results-oriented, with a passion f
or excellence and customer-centricity. Travel when needed.  Application Please apply via the following link:  https://emea2.softfactors.com/job-openin
g/ebfrasryqPbafhygvat-5dVplKj5ChMayMs120#!/?lang=en&mw_source=Omya    Contact Daniel Burkhalter T +41 79 456 17 37KontaktOmya (Schweiz) AG(6)25 Jobsht
tps://www.omya.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Doctorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols Eidgenössisches Institut für MetrologieBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen
 BlickVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:Bern-Wabern
Doctorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols Laboratoire Particules et aérosols | Entrée en fonction le 1er jui
n 2024 ou date à convenir | Ce poste est limité à une durée de 4 ans L’Institut fédéral de métrologie (METAS) développe des unités de référence reconn
ues au niveau international avec l’exactitude que requièrent l’économie, la recherche et l’administration fédérale. Il dispose à cet effet d’une infra
structure de pointe pour l’étalonnage et l’évaluation de la conformité d’instruments de mesure selon un standard de qualité reconnu sur le plan intern
ational. Dans le cadre d’un projet interdisciplinaire dans le domaine «Real-time bioaerosol monitoring», nous recherchons, en partenariat direct avec 
le laboratoire de recherches en environnements extrêmes (Extreme Environments Research Laboratory) de l’EPFL (Prof. Schmale; EPFL; eerl.epfl.ch) une d
octorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols.  Vos tâches  Êtreresponsable du développement ciblé de générateurs
 d’aérosols ainsi que de la caractérisation physique et chimique des bioaérosols produits dans le cadre d’un travail de doctorat Être responsable de l
’installation de nouveaux ensembles de mesurage et du développement de méthodes de référence pour mesurer la concentration numérique des bioaérosols P
romouvoir l’acceptation de nouvelles possibilités de mesure par la participation à des comparaisons clés, des campagnes sur le terrain et par la publi
cation des résultats conformément aux exigences du doctorat Rédiger une thèse de doctorat    Votre profil  Master dans le domaine des sciences de l’en
vironnement, de la physique ou de la chimie et première expérience dans la métrologie des aérosols et dans le domaine du machine learning. Des connais
sances de programmation en Python sont un atout Connaissances dans l’utilisation d’équipements complexes ainsi que dans la simulation et l’analyse d’e
xpériences Intérêt pour les questions interdisciplinaires Personnalité ouverte, flexible, dotée d’esprit d’équipe, capable de s’adapter rapidement à d
e nouveaux défis. Disposition à travailler à METAS à Berne et à l’EPFL à Sion/Lausanne Connaissances de deux langues officielles et très bonnes connai
ssances de l’anglais à l’oral et à l’écrit    Nous vous offrons une activité exigeante à l’interface entre recherche, économie, société et développeme
nt métrologique. Vous disposerez d’une grande autonomie dans un environnement professionnel collégial.   Votre candidature Pour de plus amples renseig
nements, veuillez vous adresser à: Madame Konstantina Vasilatou, cheffe de laboratoire, Écrire un email, tél. +41 58 387 03 82 Nous nous réjouissons d
e recevoir votre dossier de candidature complet. Veuillez postuler en ligne. Pour ce faire, veuillez cliquer sur «Candidature en ligne». Pour ce poste
, nous ne prenons pas en considération les agences de placement. Le METAS est attentive aux différents parcours de vie et besoins de ses collaboratric
es et collaborateurs et en favorise la diversité. Il accorde la plus haute priorité à l'égalité de traitement.  KontaktEidgenössisches Institut für Me
trologie(1)22 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Statistician, Data ScienceAstellas Pharma AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WallisellenStat
istician, Data ScienceStatistician, Data Science About Astellas: At Astellas we offer an inspiring place to work and a chance to make your mark in doi
ng good for others. Our expertise, science and technology make us a Life Sciences company, our open and progressive culture is what makes us Astellas.
 It’s a culture of doing good for others and contributing to a sustainable society. Delivering meaningful differences for patients is our driving forc
e. We all have a significant opportunity to make that difference, working locally in the areas we know best, whilst drawing inspiration from the diffe
rent insights and expertise we have access to globally and from our innovative, external partners. Our global vision for Patient Centricity is to supp
ort the development of innovative health solutions through a deep understanding of the patient experience. At Astellas, Patient Centricity isn’t a buz
zword, it’s a guiding principle for action. We believe all staff have a role to play in creating a patient-centric culture and integrating an awarenes
s of the patient into our everyday working practices, regardless of our role, team, or division. Our ethos is underpinned by the Astellas Way, compris
ing five core values: patient focus; ownership; results; openness and integrity. We are proud to offer an inclusive and respectful working environment
 that fosters collaboration and ownership. Our aspiration is to bring the best minds together, to provide them with world-leading tools and resources 
and a unique structure that fosters real agility and entrepreneurial spirit. The Opportunity: Would you like to join an organisation that aims to stan
d on the forefront of healthcare change, turning innovative science into VALUE for patients? We are building a new base for global Data Science in the
 UK. This is a fantastic opportunity to bring your unique skills, experience, perspective and thinking ideas to Astellas, assisting in the shaping of 
the team and direction as we continue to support patients all over the world. You will be part of our Data Science Division (DS) and Statistical & Rea
l-World Data Science (SRS) team who designs Astellas’ development programs to allow data-driven decision-making. Using state-of-the-art methodology an
d the most innovative approach, SRS generates compelling evidence using clinical trials or real-world data (RWD) to ensure successful and timely regul
atory approval, pricing, reimbursement, and patient access. Essential Knowledge & Experience:  We are building a team of Study Statisticians, Support 
Statisticians, Statisticians and Exploratory Statisticians, from Associate Manager to Senior Manager level. Your knowledge and experience will of cour
se differ depending on the seniority of role but will broadly include: Educated to minimum Master’s level or equivalent in Biostatistics, Statistics, 
or related scientific field. Experience in applying statistical methods in the biomedical research, pharmaceuticals, CRO, academia or healthcare indus
try. Hands-on programming experience within SAS, including data manipulation and analysis of a wide array of data sources/types. Working knowledge of 
R and/or Python is preferred. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to identify and implement new ideas and methodologies, learn n
ew techniques, and adjust to new approaches quickly. Ability to work independently to achieve results with a high degree of accuracy and attention to 
detail.  Additional information:  The is a permanent full-time position based in the UK. We offer a hybrid working pattern, requiring one day per quar
ter in the office (Addlestone), blended with a collaborative video environment that supports working from home.  We are an equal opportunity employer,
 and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, disability sta
tus, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.KontaktAstellas Pharma AG(0)27 Jobshttps://www.astellas.chBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


PraktikantIn Data Science Willis Graciano Wirken - ICT & EstateSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:10 – 40%Vertr
ag:PraktikumLohn:CHF 23 min. /StundeSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Bahnhofstrasse 40, 7000 Chur   An einer Fachhoch
schule oder Universität: + Computational & Data Science+ Data Visualization+ User Experience Design+ Digital Communication & Creative Media Production
+ Executive MBA in Digital Technology & Operations studieren und parallel erste Erfahrungen erlangen - gern im Home-Office oder im Skigebiet Graubünde
n. Los geht’s mit einer E-Mail-Bewerbung.    Deine Aufgaben:  + Generierung, Speicherung, Pflege, Aufbereitung, Anreicherung, Weitergabe von Daten und
 Antworten auf Managementfragen+ Kreation von ETL-Prozessen, Pipelines und Python-Crawling von Websites (GUIs), Asynchrone HTTP-Abfragen von Internet-
Datenbanken (APIs) hinein in Datenbanken+ Datenanalyse per SQL, Python-Pakete, Jupyter Notebook, R und Künstlicher Intelligenz (Text-, Bild- oder Spra
cherkennung)+ Containerisierung und Programmierung von Software-Produkten+ Hebung der Datenqualität und Prognosen+ Reports und Visualisierung von Anal
yseergebnissen+ IT-Geschäftsprozesse analysieren und optimieren+ Kundenkontakt per Video-Calls und E-Mail  Dein Profil:  + Du studierst aktuell an der
 FHGR einen Daten-Studiengang+ Dich erfreut und motiviert, praktische IT-Erfahrung zu sammeln+ Du bist eine offene, interessierte und freundliche Pers
on, welche Freude daran hat, Persönlichkeit in den technisch orientierten Alltag einzubinden und ebenfalls an ICT+ Du hast bereits etwas Erfahrung mit
 Python, MS Azure, MS Power BI oder SQL oder vergleichbarer Software (Apache Spark, Hadoop, Hive etc.) gewonnen+ Du bringst Lernbereitschaft für neue 
Software und Programmiersprachen mit+ Du bist Flüssig in Deutsch, Englisch oder Spanisch  Was wir bieten:  + Ab 1. Juli 2024 Zimmer in der Dienst-WG.+
 Ein kleines erfahrenes Team in angenehmer, persönlicher Atmosphäre.+ Persönliche und professionelle Begleitung in den entsprechenden Fachgebieten.+ D
u profitierst mit Hands-On-Mentalität von einer erfahrenen Fachperson.+ Du erhältst eine persönliche Python Professional Lizenz.+ Du bekommst bei Bere
itschaft sechs Monate lang wöchentlich im Unternehmen zu schaffen eine persönliche SBB-Halbtax der 2. Klasse.+ Du findest pünktlichen Praktikumslohnei
ngang auf Deinem Konto vor.KontaktWillis Graciano Wirken - ICT & Estate(0)1 Jobhttps://wgw-ict.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science Architect Viseca Payment Services SABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:D
eutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zürich     Data Science Architect    Sind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? M
otiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine hete
rogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Stan
dort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.   Aufgaben   Zusammen mit dem Solution Architekt und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterent
wicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primär: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernete
s In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwicklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in e
in technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu implementieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle d
es Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst regelmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- un
d Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML-Ops Strategie. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Arch
itekten.     Profil   Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unterneh
merische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige
 Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Plus Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift 
    Chancen Bei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit guten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und 
unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und 
fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.     Kontakt Viseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Reso
urces Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen.      KontaktViseca(16)16
 Jobshttps://www.viseca.ch/deBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science ArchitectViseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Sci
ence ArchitectSind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? Motiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu
 automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine heterogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du 
der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Standort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.Aufgaben Zusammen mit dem Solution Architek
t und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterentwicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primä
r: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernetes In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwi
cklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in ein technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu imple
mentieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle des Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst rege
lmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- und Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML‑Ops Strategie
. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Architekten. Profil Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfah
rung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unternehmerische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen 
Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Pl
us Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift ChancenBei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit g
uten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home
 Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.  Kontak
tViseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen voll
ständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science ArchitectViseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Sci
ence ArchitectSind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? Motiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu
 automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine heterogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du 
der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Standort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.Aufgaben Zusammen mit dem Solution Architek
t und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterentwicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primä
r: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernetes In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwi
cklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in ein technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu imple
mentieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle des Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst rege
lmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- und Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML‑Ops Strategie
. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Architekten. Profil Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfah
rung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unternehmerische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen 
Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Pl
us Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift ChancenBei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit g
uten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home
 Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.  Kontak
tViseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen voll
ständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PiBS - Data ScienceAngst+Pfister AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPiBS - Data Scie
nce#careersengineered PiBS – Data ScienceTeilzeitZürich, Switzerland Student/in13. Dezember 2023 HybridWir suchen PiBS – Data ScienceWeitersagenJetzt 
bewerbenAlle Jobs Du planst an der ZHAW in einem Praxisorientieren Bachelor Studium (PiBS) zu machen?  Erfahre mehr... Du suchst ein spannendes Indust
riepraktikum parallel zu deinem Studium? Sammle bei Angst+Pfister praktische Erfahrungen und lerne von den besten Fachleuten in unserem Unternehmen! W
AS DU BEI UNS MACHST Datenerhebung, - aufbereitung und -analyse Datenerfassung, Datennachbearbeitung, Datenvisualisierung und Automatisierung für Prüf
geräte und Produktionsmaschinen Betreuung von Tests und Messreihen sowie Weitergestaltung bestehender und Erarbeitung neuer Prüfstände. WAS DU DAFÜR B
RAUCHST Du beginnst mit deinem Praxisorientierten Bachelor Studium (PiBS) an der ZHAW im nächsten Herbst. Du interessierst dich für die Ausbildungsvar
iante C (3 Tage pro Woche arbeiten) Idealerweise bringst du bereits erste praktische Berufserfahrung mit Du bist vielseitig interessiert und willst da
s Gelernte gleich in der Praxis einsetzen Du beherrschst den Umgang mit MS Office Du sprichst fliessend Deutsch und besitzt konversationssichere Engli
schkenntnisse. FÜR WEN DU ARBEITEST Die Angst+Pfister Gruppe ist seit über 100 Jahren ein führender Entwicklungs- und Produktionspartner für Industrie
komponenten mit dem Fokus auf Innovation. Als global agierender Produkt- und Materialspezialist betreut A+P Kunden – insbesondere in Europa und Asien 
– aber auch weltweit. Wir entwickeln und fertigen gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden massgeschneiderte und innovative Produktlösungen. DEINE BENEFITS Du bis
t Teil eines Unternehmens, das Vertrauen fördert und auf Deine Fähigkeit zu Selbstmanagement und Eigenverantwortung setzt. Du kannst von zu Hause oder
 in unseren Büros in Zürich und Embrach arbeiten. Dort hast Du eine sehr gute ÖV-Anbindung, kostenlose Parkplätze und diverse Verpflegungsmöglichkeite
n. Du arbeitest in einem gut etablierten Unternehmen, das breit über verschiedene Branchen Kunden betreut. Du bist Teil eines jungen und, dynamischen 
Teams. Findest Du Dich in der Stellenbeschreibung wieder? Dann melde Dich bei uns!Jetzt bewerben KontaktAngst+Pfister AG(3)6 Jobshttps://www.angst-pfi
ster.com/de/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager Data Science SolutionsAbbott AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselSenior Ma
nager Data Science SolutionsAbbott Established Pharmaceutical Division (EPD) is looking for a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions for its global Pha
rma Division Headquarter based in Allschwil- Basel. Primary Job Function: The central Advanced Analytics team at the Abbott Established Pharma Divisio
n’s (EPD) headquarters in Basel helps define and lead the transformation towards becoming a global, data-driven company with the help of data and mode
rn data technologies (e.g., Machine Learning, Deep Learning). To us, Advanced Analytics is an important lever to reach our business targets, now and i
n the future; It helps differentiate ourselves from our competition and ensure sustainable revenue growth at optimal margins. Hence the central AA tea
m is an integral part of the Strategy Management Office at EPD that has a very close link and regular interactions with the EPD Senior Leadership Team
. With the above requirements in mind, EPD is looking to fill a role of a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions, reporting to the Director of Advanced
 Analytics. You will lead a team of Data Scientists (senior/principal) developing effective and impactful data science solutions for EPD world-wide, s
ometimes in collaboration with regional/local/functional data scientists within EPD and sometimes with the help of external partners. Core Job Respons
ibilities: Lead and be responsible for on-time and high-quality delivery of prioritized Advanced Analytics solutions in collaboration with AA product 
owners and dedicated lead data scientists. Help the team of data scientists structure, challenge, scope, refine effective data science solutions to ke
y business challenges. Main responsible for the quality of data science solutions. Challenge and coach data scientists within global as well as region
al/local/functional data science team as well as at external partners to push for optimal insights and optimized/tailored/high-impact data science sol
ution. Lead the global data science team (7-10 members). Define and ensure implementation of data science standards for exploration, development, and 
deployment, which are also applicable to regional, local, functional data science teams within Abbott EPD as well as external data science partners. M
inimum Education: Master or PhD in relevant field (e.g., applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, applied statistics) Minimum Experience/Tr
aining Required: At least 8-10 years of relevant working experience, ideally in pharma environment Experience in leading a data science team, ideally 
on- and offshore · Solid experience working on full-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems (experie
nce in the financial/commercial or manufacturing / supply chain areas a plus). Strong experience in e.g., data mining, statistical modelling, predicti
ve modelling, and development of machine learning algorithms Solid programming experience in Python with good knowledge of SQL Experience in building 
python-based web application Proven problem-solving ability in international settings preferably with developing markets Practical experience in worki
ng and leading teams working in cloud environment preferably AWS / Sagemaker a plus Solid experience working and managing a team working on full-life 
cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems Practical experience managing a team deploying machine learning s
olutions Good understanding of good software engineering principles and how to implement them in an organization Good knowledge of testing frameworks 
and libraries and how to implement them in an organization Proven communication skills, ability to lead diverse teams Practical experience in advanced
 data analysis techniques that include customer segmentation, propensity modelling, pricing & optimization techniques, and predictive modeling Ability
 to work with and lead cross-functional teams and bring business and data science closer together - consultancy experience a plus Fluency in English a
 must, additional languages a plus Intrinsic motivation to guide people and make Advanced Analytics more accessible to a broader range of stakeholders
. Employer of Choice: Through numerous local, national and international accolades, Abbott is regarded as an employer of choice for our commitment to 
workplace excellence. Our employees are given the tools to succeed, lead and grow, with challenging opportunities and work that makes a difference. Th
rough our diverse healthcare businesses, we connect people and potential in ways that no other company can. Discover a world of opportunities at Abbot
t. Do you like the sound of this job and think you’ve got what it takes? Then send us your CV today. We look forward to receiving your application as 
pdf. (If you want to upload several documents, don`t save in between uploading them to be able to do so. Once you save your uploads, you will not be a
ble to add more documents)KontaktAbbott(0)39 Jobshttps://www.abbott.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager Data Science SolutionsAbbott AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselSenior Ma
nager Data Science Solutions        JOB DESCRIPTION:   Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. O
ur portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nut
ritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 114,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.            Abbott Established Pharmaceutical 
Division (EPD) is looking for a          Senior Manager Data Science Solutions  for its global Pharma Division Headquarter based in Allschwil- Basel. 
   Primary Job Function:  The central Advanced Analytics team at the Abbott Established Pharma Division’s (EPD) headquarters in Basel helps define and
 lead the transformation towards becoming a global, data-driven company with the help of data and modern data technologies (e.g., Machine Learning, De
ep Learning). To us, Advanced Analytics is an important lever to reach our business targets, now and in the future; It helps differentiate ourselves f
rom our competition and ensure sustainable revenue growth at optimal margins. Hence the central AA team is an integral part of the Strategy Management
 Office at EPD that has a very close link and regular interactions with the EPD Senior Leadership Team.   With the above requirements in mind, EPD is 
looking to fill a role of a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions, reporting to the Director of Advanced Analytics. You will lead a team of Data Scien
tists (senior/principal) developing effective and impactful data science solutions for EPD world-wide, sometimes in collaboration with regional/local/
functional data scientists within EPD and sometimes with the help of external partners.    Core Job Responsibilities:    Lead and be responsible for o
n-time and high-quality delivery of prioritized Advanced Analytics solutions in collaboration with AA product owners and dedicated lead data scientist
s.   Help the team of data scientists structure, challenge, scope, refine effective data science solutions to key business challenges. Main responsibl
e for the quality of data science solutions.   Challenge and coach data scientists within global as well as regional/local/functional data science tea
m as well as at external partners to push for optimal insights and optimized/tailored/high-impact data science solution.   Lead the global data scienc
e team (8-11 members).   Define and ensure implementation of data science standards for exploration, development, and deployment, which are also appli
cable to regional, local, functional data science teams within Abbott EPD as well as external data science partners.      Minimum Education:    Master
 or PhD in relevant field (e.g., applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, applied statistics)      Minimum Experience/Training Required:   
  At least 8-10 years of relevant working experience, ideally in pharma environment    Experience in leading a data science team, ideally on- and offs
hore · Solid experience working on full-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems (experience in the f
inancial/commercial or manufacturing / supply chain areas a plus).    Strong experience in e.g., data mining, statistical modelling, predictive modell
ing, and development of machine learning algorithms    Solid programming experience in Python with good knowledge of SQL    Experience in building pyt
hon-based web application    Proven problem-solving ability in international settings preferably with developing markets    Practical experience in wo
rking and leading teams working in cloud environment preferably AWS / Sagemaker a plus    Solid experience working and managing a team working on full
-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems   Practical experience managing a team deploying machine le
arning solutions   Good understanding of good software engineering principles and how to implement them in an organization   Good knowledge of testing
 frameworks and libraries and how to implement them in an organization   Proven communication skills, ability to lead diverse teams    Practical exper
ience in advanced data analysis techniques that include customer segmentation, propensity modelling, pricing & optimization techniques, and predictive
 modeling    Ability to work with and lead cross-functional teams and bring business and data science closer together - consultancy experience a plus 
   Fluency in English a must, additional languages a plus    Intrinsic motivation to guide people and make Advanced Analytics more accessible to a bro
ader range of stakeholders.      Employer of Choice:  Through numerous local, national and international accolades, Abbott is regarded as an employer 
of choice for our commitment to workplace excellence. Our employees are given the tools to succeed, lead and grow, with challenging opportunities and 
work that makes a difference. Through our diverse healthcare businesses, we connect people and potential in ways that no other company can. Discover a
 world of opportunities at Abbott.   Do you like the sound of this job and think you’ve got what it takes? Then send us your CV today. We look forward
 to receiving your application  as pdf .   (If you want to upload several documents, don`t save in between uploading them to be able to do so. Once yo
u save your uploads, you will not be able to add more documents)         The base pay for this position is  N/AIn specific locations, the pay range ma
y vary from the range posted.        JOB FAMILY: Project Management       DIVISION: EPD Established Pharma          LOCATION: Switzerland > Basel : H-
127 A2       ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS:         WORK SHIFT: Standard       TRAVEL: Not specified       MEDICAL SURVEILLANCE: Not Applicable       SIGNIFICA
NT WORK ACTIVITIES: Not Applicable KontaktAbbott(0)39 Jobshttps://www.abbott.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Fellow in Biomedical Data ScienceCHUV - Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois LausanneBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pens
um:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausannePostdoctoral Fellow in Biomedical Data ScienceRecherche Postdoctoral Fellow in Biomedical Data Science
 In order to complete the team of the newly established Biomedical Data Science Center at the Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV), we’re looking for a
 Postdoctoral Fellow in Biostatistics, Computational Biology, or a related field who will work on developing and applying tools and methods for spatia
l transcriptomics data. Contexte The Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV) is one of five Swiss university hospitals. Through its collaboration with the
 Faculty of Biology and Medicine of the University of Lausanne and the EPFL, CHUV plays a leading role in the areas of medical care, medical research,
 and training. The mission of the Biomedical Data Science Center, directed by Professor Raphael Gottardo, is to develop and apply (in collaboration wi
th researchers and clinicians) computer and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of genomic, clinical, and experimental data (single-cell RNAs
eq, spatial transcriptomics, etc) in order to accelerate medical discoveries that will help us treat our patients better. The project offers the poten
tial to collaborate with experts from different areas within the CHUV (medical oncology, dermatology, translational oncology, etc). We have a wide var
iety of projects in human immunology, infectious diseases (particularly COVID19, Malaria and HIV) and oncology. Mission  Your primary mission with be 
the development of computational tools and methods for the analysis of spatial and single-cell transcriptomics data You will collaborate with basic sc
ientists and clinicians to take advantage of large datasets generated by novel experimental technologies (including Chromium, CytAssist, Xenium) to ac
celerate translational discoveries across the CHUV community and partner institutions You will work on developing new statistical methodology and work
flows to facilitate reproducible science and enable cross-assay and cross-study analyses You will integrate a growing team of computational scientists
 including postdocs/students, data scientists and programmers You help disseminate scientific findings through publications and presentations at natio
nal and international conferences.  Profil  PhD in Biostatistics/Statistics, Computational Biology or related field You have extensive experience work
ing with large biological datasets (single-cell RNAseq, spatial transcriptomics, CyTOF, CITE-seq, etc…) An experience with data management and multi-m
odal datasets is a plus, along with an interest in working collaboratively, teaching and learning from both data scientists and wet-lab biologists Flu
ent in R and C/C++. Knowledge of statistical concepts and computational methods. Knowledge of Unix/Linux and high-performance computing, a plus. Fluen
t in English, knowledge of French would be a plus Team player Good communication skills Creative thinking.  Nous offrons The Lausanne University Hospi
tal is located in the vibrant city of Lausanne, one of the most cultural and economic dynamic cities in Switzerland. Our new center is part of the mai
n Hospital campus, and benefits from direct interactions with scientists and clinicians located here (including at the new AGORA cancer cluster). We a
re also two metro stations from the Biopole life sciences campus that hosts a large number of research groups and life sciences companies. You will wo
rk in a fantastic environment where fundamental and clinical research meet to accelerate new breakthroughs that will ultimately transform patient care
. Our organization aims to make the world a better place, and we strongly believe in healthy work-life balance. As a group, we value inclusion and a d
iversity of backgrounds and perspectives to inform our work. We believe in supporting each other through mentorship and providing resources for profes
sional development. To become an employee of the world-famous University Hospital Center from the Canton of Vaud is an assurance of:  First-rate socia
l benefits such as a Paternity Leave of 20 days and a Maternity Leave of 4 months (there is also the possibility to obtain a complementary breastfeedi
ng leave of 1 month) Regular salary progression adapted to your responsibilities A 13th salary and 25 days of vacations per year A right to at least t
hree days of training per year, by accessing a wide offer of courses not only from the CHUV Training Center but also from external providers Possibili
ty to access one of the 500 furnished apartments offered in the surrounding neighborhoods in case of relocation in Switzerland Discounts proposed on s
ocial and cultural events, goodies and other services, thanks to the “H-Oxygène” association Signing up to our Mobility Plan and benefit from differen
t advantages (discounts on public transportation, promotion of “Mobility” car fleet and discounts on electric bikes) Being able to enjoy our high-qual
ity corporate restaurants, located in every hospital building, with employees’ discount.  Contact et envoi de candidature Contact for information on t
he function : bdsc[dot]info[at]chuv[dot]ch As our applications are processed electronically, would you please apply exclusively by internet, with the 
« POSTULER » button, at the bottom of the ad. If for any technical reason, you are not able to do it, we invite you to contact our recruitment team, w
hich will assist you (contact : 021.314.85.70). The CHUV applies the highest quality requirements as part of its recruitment process. In addition, min
dful to promote the diversity of our employees we are attentive to the different life courses and strive to ensure equal treatment and avoid any discr
imination. We are looking forward to receiving your application. We thank in advance the employment agencies to take note that applications inserted b
y them directly on our recruitment platform are not accepted and cannot be billed. Thank you for your understanding.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melde
n


Data Science Internship in Rate Control optimizationMettler-Toledo GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:NänikonData Science Internship in Rate Control optimizationOur global Industrial Division offers Automation Products and Solutions which en
able our customers to increase productivity, achieve high uptime and reduce waste.Our R&D Competence Center, established in Switzerland in 2023, is fo
cused on developing data-based solutions to provide effective solutions for a range of customer use cases, by leveraging sensor data and our terminal 
as a key-component in edge computing. We are committed to enhancing our capabilities in predictive maintenance. We are seeking a motivated Master's st
udent for 6-9 months to contribute to this critical area, offering a unique opportunity to work on real-world problems and contribute to the developme
nt of our future data science framework/platform.We are looking for someone for a Data Science Internship in Rate Control optimization 80-100% (all ge
nders).In this role, your responsibilities would include: You collaborate with the data science team to understand project requirements and objectives
You design and implement algorithms for process optimization, focusing on controller performance and robustness, adapting to different environments au
tomaticallyYou develop and maintain data pipelines for efficient data collection, processing, and analysisYou apply machine learning and statistical m
odels to predict process behaviors and identify optimization opportunitiesYou conduct rigorous testing and validation of models and algorithms to ensu
re reliability and accuracyYou document all research findings, code, and methodologies   and participate in regular team meetings to discuss progress,
 challenges, and strategies BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data ScienceEmpa, Materials Science and TechnologyBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum
:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenPostdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data ScienceMaterials science and technology are our 
passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributions to the well-being of society for a future worth li
ving. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain.  Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data Science Empa's Laboratory 'Particles-Bi
ology Interactions' and its group 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' are looking for a candidate for an interdisciplinary project on the developme
nt of new computational approaches for improving safety and sustainability of (nano)materials based on publicly available data and tools, including om
ics data, and integration of novel methods for replacing animal testing. The project involves collaborations with several leading European research gr
oups and experts in the field.  Your tasks    Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Machine learning analyses: implementa
tion of established and new workflows  Coordination of activities with Consortium partners, including presentation of results at consortium meetings  
Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences  Development of models for health and environmental impact assessment    Your pr
ofile  We are looking for a candidate with:   PhD in computational biology or related field Background in computational biology, bioinformatics or a r
elated field  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication skills with a good command of the Engl
ish language    Beneficial skills for this position include:    Familiarity with Safe and Sustainable by Design methods and tools  Familiarity with da
tasets and models for health and environmental impact assessment  Interest in mechanisms of disease development  Expertise in network analysis  Experi
ence with omics data analysis     Our offer  We offer:   A highly interdisciplinary and supportive environment with a cutting-edge research project  S
upport for further career development  A strong international network    The Postdoctoral position is for the duration of three and half years. It is 
based at Empa, St. Gallen and it is available from May 2024 or upon mutual agreement. The researcher will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss In
stitute of Bioinformatics.   We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meani
ngful activities - that's what counts.  We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV, certificat
es, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will
 not be considered. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Process Analytical Technology (PAT) and Data Science InternshipLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:VispProcess Analytical Technology (PAT) and Data Science Internship Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three c
ontinents. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, d
evising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the
 world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of. As a trainee in the PAT area, you will work in a dynamic and interesting environment at the
 Visp site Switzerland and get the chance to develop yourself and gain insights into various topics related to PAT.  This is a unique opportunity for 
a young student to gain experience in supporting innovation at Lonza in a process-engineering group that works closely with development and production
 areas.  As a junior PAT Intern, you will play a crucial role in enhancing our understanding and optimization of chemical processes through the applic
ation of spectroscopic techniques (Raman, NIR, Mid-IR, UV-VIS) and chemometrics. This position focuses on leveraging data science to analyze spectrosc
opic and process data, extracting valuable information to improve process control, efficiency, and product quality. In general, the student will suppo
rt the following main activities of the PAT laboratory in the Lonza Pharma Biotech and Nutrition Sector for approximately 6 months.  Your Tasks: Devel
opment and optimization of PAT technology for use from the lab to the manufacturing area. You will support the integration of PAT method via data anal
ysis with process optimization efforts, working closely with development chemists. Key Responsibilities:  Collaborate with the PAT team to apply spect
roscopic methods for on-line/in-line/at-line analysis, monitoring and optimization of chemical processes Utilize data science techniques to analyze an
d interpret spectroscopic data, integrating findings with process data for comprehensive insights. Develop and implement algorithms and models for pro
cess prediction and optimization Participate in the design and execution of experiments to test models and algorithms performance, ensuring their appl
icability in industrial settings. Engage in cross-functional projects, contributing to the development and optimization of PAT applications for enhanc
ed process understanding. Be a proactive team player with a high degree of dedication and the ability to inspire and contribute to a positive working 
environment.  Key Requirements:  Demonstrate enthusiasm for laboratory work, spectroscopy, chemometrics, and data analysis. Currently pursuing or rece
ntly completed a degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Data Science, or a related field, with a strong interest in PAT and data analytics.   Demo
nstrated experience or strong interest in spectroscopic techniques and their application in chemical processes. Interest and aptitude for learning and
 applying PAT techniques such as Raman, NIR, Mid-IR, UV-VIS spectroscopy, and other measurement techniques suitable for on-line/in-line/at-line measur
ements.   Familiarity with data analysis, chemometrics, and their application in process optimization. Coding skills with Python, Matlab, or equivalen
t platforms, with a keen interest in applying these skills would be consider as a plus. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and manage multi
ple tasks simultaneously. Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail. Strong communication skills, capable of
 working effectively in a team and presenting findings to technical audience. Professional proficiency in English is required; knowledge of German is 
beneficial.  Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but al
so a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect o
ur people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically. People come to Lonza for the challenge and creat
ivity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all 
around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference. Reference: R60326 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melde
n


(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:60 
– 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausanne(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos is a global management
 and technology consultancy. We shape the digital future together with our clients.    "Data is becoming the central resource of all companies. We hel
p our customers to unlock the value of their data."    Our Data & AI team helps companies make the most of their data to make informed business decisi
ons and gain a competitive advantage. We support our clients along the entire data value chain: encompassing data and AI strategy development, data ma
nagement, finding innovative use cases, managing projects, implementing cloud and on-prem platforms, data engineering, and training of GenAI and machi
ne learning models.     That’s the job – Your main tasks at Eraneos:       In our dynamic and enthusiastic community of around 50 Data & AI consultant
s located in Switzerland, you will engage in diverse projects directly with clients, tackling their challenges head-on using quantitative methods. Col
laborating with the community to exchange knowledge and actively participating in and influencing the expansion of our rapidly evolving services are i
ntegral aspects of the role.   Your tasks include:     Advising the customer on topics relating to Data & AI, understanding the client’s challenges, a
nd deriving suitable solution recommendations     Executing client projects in various roles      Supporting the acquisition of new projects     Help 
shape Eraneos and the Data & AI team in particular       This job is for you, if      You love solving problems and you want to help tackle our custom
ers' challenges using the most appropriate means.     You are proficient in data science and data analytics topics, methods and tools and have impleme
ntation experience, for example in Python, SQL, pandas, pytorch, tensorflow, keras.     You have the ability to clarify complex topics through visuali
zations, e.g. using matplotlib, seaborn, streamlit. Data engineering is part of your routine.     You like to explain data science challenges and appr
oaches to people who are not familiar with the subject.      You possess strong communication skills and enjoy collaborating with colleagues and worki
ng with various clients.    You possess practical consulting and project experience beyond academic research, coupled with a hands-on, results-driven 
mindset.    You have an ETH or university master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as data science, mathematics, physics, mechanical enginee
ring, electrical engineering or computer science.     Your German or French language skills are business fluent, and you speak English.       As the i
cing on the cake, you bring along      Experience in working with databases     A certain flair for "hacking" and no fear of the command line     Expe
rience in the cloud environment     Cloud certifications for Azure, AWS or GCP KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//B
ewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:60 
– 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos ist ein global tätiges M
anagement- und Technologieberatungsunternehmen. Wir gestalten gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden die digitale Zukunft.     "Daten werden der zentrale Rohsto
ff aller Unternehmen. Wir helfen unseren Kunden, den Wert ihrer Daten zu erschliessen."    Unser Data & AI-Team unterstützt Unternehmen dabei, ihre Da
ten optimal zu nutzen, um fundierte Geschäftsentscheide zu treffen und Wettbewerbsvorteile zu erzielen. Wir begleiten unsere Kunden entlang der ganzen
 Daten-Wertschöpfungskette: von der Daten- und AI-Strategie, dem Data Management und dem Finden innovativer Use Cases über Projektleitungen und dem Im
plementieren von Cloud- und On Prem-Plattformen bis hin zum Data Engineering und der Implementierung von GenAI- und Machine Learning-Modellen.    Das 
ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos   In unserer aktiven, motivierten Community von rund 50 Data & AI Beratern in der Schweiz arbeitest du k
undennah und «an der Front» in verschiedenen Projekten mit, um mit quantitativen Methoden die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden zu lösen. Der Wissensau
stausch mit der Community und das aktive Mitdenken und Mitgestalten unserer stark wachsenden Dienstleistungen gehören ebenfalls mit dazu. Internationa
l können wir auf ein Netzwerk von über 150 Spezialistinnen und Spezialisten zurückgreifen.      Deine Aufgaben umfassen:      Beratung des Kunden zu T
hemen rund um Data & AI, Verstehen der Herausforderungen des Kunden und Ableiten von passenden Lösungsvorschlägen    Durchführung von Kundenprojekten 
in verschieden Rollen     Unterstützung in der Akquise von neuen Projekten    Möglichkeit, Eraneos und insbesondere das Data & AI-Team mitzugestalten 
      Dieser Job ist für dich, wenn   Du es liebst, Probleme zu lösen und du helfen möchtest, die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden mit den passendsten
 Mitteln anzugehen.    Du in Data Science- und Data Analytics-Themen, -Methoden und -Tools fit bist und über Implementierungs-Erfahrung verfügst, beis
pielsweise in Python, SQL, pandas, pytorch, tensorflow, keras.    Du nach dem üblichen Data Engineering komplexe Sachverhalte mit Visualisierungen ver
ständlich machen kannst, z.B. mittels matplotlib, seaborn, streamlit.    Du gerne adressatengerecht Fachunkundigen Data Science-Herausforderungen und 
-Herangehensweisen erklärst.     Du eine kommunikative Persönlichkeit bist und du Spass daran hast, mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen und verschiedenen Kun
den zusammenzuarbeiten.    Du bereits über praktische Beratungs- und Projekterfahrung verfügst auch ausserhalb der Forschung und du eine praktische, e
rgebnisorientierte Mentalität hast.    Du über einen ETH- oder Uni-Masterabschluss in einer quantitativen Disziplin verfügst, wie z.B. Data Science, M
athematik, Physik, Maschinenbau, Elektrotechnik oder Informatik.    Deine Deutsch- oder Französisch-Kenntnisse verhandlungssicher sind und du Englisch
 sprichst.       Als i-Tüpfelchen bringst Du mit       Erfahrung im Umgang mit Datenbanken    Ein gewisses Flair für «Hacking» und keine Angst vor der
 Kommandozeile    Erfahrungen im Cloud-Umfeld    Cloud-Zertifizierungen für Azure, AWS oder GCP       Wir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über un
sere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome un
d Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden wir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir fr
euen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weitere Auskünfte steht dir Nadine gerne zur Verfügun
g (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientie
rung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.e
raneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Assistenzprofessur für Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science in Radiation Oncology INSELSPITALBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:
18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Bern  Die Universitätsklinik für Radio-Onkologie ist zusammen mit seinen Allianzpartnern eine
r der grössten Anbieter für Strahlentherapie in der Schweiz und ein zentraler Querschnittdienstleister des University Cancer Centers Inselspital UCI. 
Neben hochspezialisierten Angeboten deckt die Klinik eine vielfältige radio-onkologische Basisversorgung ab. Die Klinik betreibt umfassende Forschungs
programme in den Bereichen Medizinphysik, Innovation und Technologie, Radiobiologie, klinische Forschung und Data Science.  Assistenzprofessur für Art
ificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science in Radiation Oncology  n. V. neu zu besetzen. befristet für 4 Jahre mit Option zur Verlängerung Um das Port
folio von Artificial Intelligence (AI) und Data Science zu stärken, wird in enger Zusammenarbeit mit dem ARTORG Center for Biomedical Engineering Rese
arch und dem Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine CAIM eine neue Professur geschaffen für "AI and Data Science in Radiation Oncology". Der/d
ie zukünftige Stelleninhaber:in weist einen hervorragenden Leistungsausweis in AI-Modellierung und Data Science mit Anwendungen im Bereich Onkologie, 
bevorzugt Radio-Onkologie auf. Erfahrungen im Bereich onkologischer Bildgebung sind von Vorteil. Grosser Wert wird auf erfolgreich durchgeführte trans
lationale Projekte gelegt, idealerweise bis hin zur klinischen Anwendung. Von Vorteil sind Arbeiten zur Bedeutung von Datenqualität und Robustheit von
 AI-Modellen. Die Bewerbenden sollten über einen Doktortitel (PhD) in den Bereichen Informatik, Computational Science oder anderen verwandten Gebieten
 verfügen, mit mindestens 5 Jahre Erfahrung als Postdoktorand:in (Stufe Advanced PostDoc, bzw. Senior Researcher). Zudem sollten Sie ein eigenständige
s Forschungsprofil aufweisen, dieses schliesst den Aufbau einer international wettbewerbsfähigen Forschungsgruppe und die kompetitive Einwerbung von D
rittmitteln ein. Von der Professur wird eine hohe Aktivität in der Nachwuchsförderung und Lehre erwartet. Zur erfolgreichen Bewältigung des Aufgabensp
ektrums sind neben der wissenschaftlichen Exzellenz ausgeprägte kommunikative Fähigkeiten unabdingbar. Die Stelle ist auf 4 Jahre befristet. Anschlies
send erfolgt eine Evaluation und es besteht ggf. die Option auf Verlängerung. Die Universität Bern strebt eine Erhöhung des Anteils von Frauen in Prof
essuren an und ermutigt daher ausdrücklich Frauen, sich zu bewerben. Die Universität Bern bietet vielfältige Angebote im Bereich der Vereinbarkeit von
 Arbeit und Familie/Partnerschaft an. Diese umfassen Kinderbetreuungsdienste, Angebote für Partner und die Möglichkeit des Jobsharings (www.vereinbark
eit.unibe.ch). Im Falle einer Jobsharing-Bewerbung, die grundsätzlich willkommen ist, sollten sich beide Kandidaten zusammen bewerben und ein gemeinsa
mes Konzept vorlegen, in dem ihre vorgeschlagene Arbeitsvereinbarung und ihre gegenseitige Ergänzung dargelegt werden. Für weitere Informationen wende
n Sie sich bitte an den Präsidenten des Wahlkommission, Prof. Marcel Egger, Geschäftsführender Direktor, Institut für Physiologie, Universität Bern, e
-mail:    E-Mail schreiben. Die Bewerbungen müssen elektronisch über den folgenden Link bis 11. März 2024 beim Dekanat der Medizinischen Fakultät der 
Universität Bern eingereicht werden, wo Sie auch Informationen zu den erforderlichen Unterlagen finden: https://www.recruiting.medizin.unibe.ch/positi
ondetails/8650755 Für Bewerber:innen, die in die engere Auswahl kommen, wird am 25. April 2024 ein Symposium stattfinden. Bitte halten Sie sich diesen
 Termin frei. Weitere Informationen zu den erforderlichen Dokumenten können eingeholt werden unter: Services: Professorship - Faculty of Medicine (uni
be.ch) Dekanat der Medizinischen Fakultät, Universität Bern, Murtenstrasse 11, CH-3010 Bern  INSELSPITAL3010 KontaktInsel Gruppe Bern(15)145 Jobshttps
://www.inselgruppe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


IT Team Head – Business Intelligence and Data Science (f/m/d) 100%Bank Julius Bär & Co. AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Ver
trag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichIT Team Head – Business Intelligence and Data Science (f/m/d) 100% At Julius Baer, we celebrate and value the indi
vidual qualities you bring, enabling you to be impactful, to be entrepreneurial, to be empowered, and to create value beyond wealth. Let’s shape the f
uture of wealth management together.             YOUR CHALLENGE   Managerial role requiring great business and technical skills to manage an experienc
ed team of 10+ specialists within the Data & Analytics Sector Closely collaborate with Stakeholders and Consumers across the divisions of the bank Ens
ure smooth delivery of business value for data consuming and/or data report requesting stakeholders Promote the data-informed decision making througho
ut the company by partnering with different teams to set higher analytical standards Responsible for reliable request management and delivery of cross
-functional projects as determined by business priorities       YOUR PROFILE   Expert knowledge of data science and reporting tools on the market (pre
dominantly Tableau, PowerBI, Dataiku) Strong knowledge of data systems (from classical DWH like Oracle/Informatica/SAP to data lakes on prem/in cloud)
 Working knowledge of scripting languages like Python, great understanding of visualization layer (Qlik, Tableau, Power BI), proficient in SQL Knowled
ge of Agile Project Management methodologies (e.g., Scrum, SAFe) Knowledge of Banking data products, or financial sector in general, dealing with sens
itive data Excellent communication and leadership skills, ability to decompose complex solutions and insights into a simple narrative for the rest of 
the company Support team members skills development Responsible for budget execution and forecast in own functional area Additional role as SME in day
 to day operations 3-5 years leading a technical team Working knowledge of German is beneficiary, excellent command of English Higher education (e.g. 
 University, “Fachhochschule”) in computer science. Data science specialization is beneficiary Banking background a strong plus      We are looking fo
rward to receiving your full job application through our online application tool. Further interesting job opportunities can be found on our Career sit
e.  Is this not quite what you are looking for? Set up a job alert by creating a candidate account  here. KontaktBank Julius Bär & Co. AG(19)48 Jobsht
tps://www.juliusbaer.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Engineer 80-100% (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungLohn:CHF
 90 000 - 110 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:8001 Zürich  Bei unserem Kunden erwartet dich ein aufregender und s
innvoller Arbeitsplatz mit unendlichen Möglichkeiten, dein Wissen anzuwenden und deine Fähigkeiten weiterzuentwickeln. Du arbeitest gemeinsam mit Proj
ektmanagern, Datenwissenschaftlern, Dateningenieuren, Ingenieuren für Machine Learning und Geschäftsexperten in funktionsübergreifenden und agilen Pro
jektteams, die sich den anspruchsvollsten Herausforderungen stellen.    Deine Aufgaben:   Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Kunden bei der Entwicklung von An
alyselösungen, die ihren Geschäftsanforderungen entsprechen Aufbau und Pflege von Datenpipelines zur Unterstützung von Data-Science-Initiativen in Übe
reinstimmung mit bewährten Softwareentwicklungsverfahren Einsatz von Technologie zur Erfassung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung grosser Datenmengen   Dein Pr
ofil:   Hochschulabschluss in einem für Data Science relevanten Gebiet Die Fähigkeit, klaren, wartbaren und zuverlässigen Code in Python, Scala oder v
erwandten Sprachen zu schreiben, mit vorheriger kommerzieller Erfahrung in einer datengesteuerten Tätigkeit Fähigkeit, mit strukturierten, halbstruktu
rierten und unstrukturierten Daten zu arbeiten Mehr als 3 Jahre Erfahrung in der Datenaufbereitung für Analysen und Data Science Sehr gute Deutsch- un
d Englischkenntnisse Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente (100%)Berner FachhochschuleBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai
 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD Student in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente (100%)PhD Stu
dent in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente    What you'll be doing here   Work on exciting research and innovation p
rojects focused on data science, AI and ML applications in finance together with industry and academic expects from Switzerland and abroad Write a cum
ulative doctoral thesis and scientific articles with the aim of publication in international top-tier scientific journals Active contribution in the a
cquisition of third-party funding for research projects with the freedom to lead research proposals for various funding schemes Offer teaching support
 for the department group Data Science, Finance, Accounting, and Tax Receive the opportunity to complete a doctorate in cooperation with a leading int
ernational university (University of Twente) and be part of a team that leads large international research networks (through EU projects, COST Actions
 and research collaborations) including over 300 researchers from ˜50 countries. A six-month stay abroad at a foreign university under an SNF grant is
 envisioned Join the MSCA Doctoral Network on Digital Finance, providing a European-wide doctorate in Digital Finance, with leading institutions such 
as the European Central Bank     What you'll bring with you   You have a very good Master's degree in business/economics or a related field (e.g. Stat
istics, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science) or you are about to complete You have experience or a strong interest in quantitative e
mpirical work and very good working knowledge in the application of statistical methods (Stata, R, Python) Ideally you have knowledge in the following
 areas: quantitative modelling of financial markets, econometrics, machine learning or quantitative empirical research methods You have an excellent c
ommand of written and spoken English You have perseverance, a strong interest and enthusiasm for science and academic research     To start with, here
 are some of our strong points An almost unbelievably large variety of themes and topics and a great mix of research and teaching.,Plenty of contact w
ith eager young people from all over the world who are set on achieving things.,Curiosity is what we want, oodles of it. Plus, lots of independence an
d autonomy.,Easy exchanging of views and ideas, also across the divisional boundaries.,National and international networks and contacts with business,
 economy, society and the political world.   I'll be your guide through theapplication procedure Cédric SchmidHR BeraterP +41 31 848 67 69   Business 
School In the Business School, we offer an education with a clear practical emphasis for the digital change-makers of the future in the economy and so
ciety. Content we love to engage with includes topics such as New Work, digital business or public sector transformation.KontaktBerner Fachhochschule(
5)21 Jobshttps://www.bfh.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Engineer & Data Scientist (m/w/d)Advellence Solutions AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Februar 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:WallisellenData Engineer & Data Scientist (m/w/d)WIR STELLEN EIN Data Engineer & Data Scientist (m/w/d) 80 - 100 % WallisellenJetzt BewerbenPersona
lvermittler ADVELLENCE – the Advantage of Excellence  Ein Name, der verpflichtet. Unser Name steht seit 1998 für Zuverlässigkeit und Innovation. Wir s
etzen hohe Qualitätsansprüche, agieren kundenorientiert, flexibel und nachhaltig. Mit aussergewöhnlichem Einsatz und der Leidenschaft für Informations
technologien begeistern und verblüffen wir unsere Kunden immer wieder aufs Neue. Wir suchen per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung einen engagierten und qu
alifizierten Data Engineer & Data Scientist Entwickler mit sehr guten analytischen Fähigkeiten (m/w/d). Du verstärkst mit Deiner mehrjährigen Erfahrun
g unser junges, motiviertes Team in Zürich-Wallisellen bei anspruchsvollen und innovativen Projekten im Bereich BI, Data & Analytics. Aufgabenbereich 
Consulting innerhalb von Mandaten Remote/vor Ort mit unseren Kunden Aufbau des Themas Data Science sowie Identifikation und Umsetzung von Data Science
 Anwendungsfällen beim Kunden Design und Konzeption von Data Science-Lösungen Implementierung von Daten Pipelines und Integration verschiedener Datenq
uellen und Strukturen in Data Lakes Bereinigung, Verarbeitung, Analyse & Modellierung diverser Geschäftsdaten Projektbegleitung über den gesamten Proj
ektlebenszyklus Pre-Sales-Aktivitäten und Vorbereitung von Angeboten in der BI-Umgebung Ausbau der Kundenbeziehungen und Unterstützung bei der Gewinnu
ng neuer Kunden Anforderungsprofil Praktische Erfahrung mit BI-Produkten von Microsoft Azure. Erfahrung mit Programmiersprachen wie Python, R, VBA, DA
X und Datenbanksprachen wie SQL Idealerweise gute Kenntnisse im Aufsetzen von Datenströmen und Strukturen in Datenbanken sowie Erfahrungen im Umgang m
it Azure Erfahrungen in Data Science sowie der Modellierung & Visualisierung von Daten von Vorteil Erfahrung in agilen Entwicklungsumgebungen Benefits
 Homeoffice Moderne Arbeitsplätze Gute Verkehrsanbindung Flexible Arbeitszeiten Möglichkeit zur Weiterbildung AdvellenceFrau Judith LinkIndustriestras
se 50a8304 Wallisellen E-Mail schreiben Alles weitere besprechen wir in einem persönlichen Gespräch. Direktbewerbungen bevorzugt. KontaktAdvellence So
lutions AG(0)7 Jobshttps://www.advellence.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist (Databricks)wega Informatik AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselData Scient
ist (Databricks)We are a Pharma and Life Science IT service provider that has been successfully carrying out 'state-of-the-art' projects for internati
onal customers for more than 30 years, now. Our consultants work in our office in Basel from home on our customer’s premises We are a dynamic forward-
thinking and expanding organization with a great team spirit and always on the look out for like-minded individuals. If you are driven by ambition and
 highly motivated by challenging jobs, as well as financial incentives, you have come to the right place. With our attractive compensation and fringe 
benefits model, this is a great opportunity to maximize your earning potential. The further development of our colleagues and team members coupled wit
h an excellent work atmosphere are amongst the top values of our company. As an experienced Data Scientist/Business Analyst you have a proven track re
cord in successfully managing laboratory research or clinical data  projects. Your professional background and experience enables you to efficiently s
upport our customers in bridging between IT and business to build and optimize their IT landscape.   Your Areas of Responsibilities: Work through our 
customer's entire data ecosystem to      understand their needs and where to find and collect that information Build and program machine learning on D
atabricks and statistical models based on      digital, molecular, biobanking, clinical or Real World Evidence data. Advise on advanced data analytics
 both in standard statistics and      machine learning activities Support the evaluation of the designed models and present results      through data 
visualization Drive the execution of data science experiments based on business      requirements and data and present the results to business stakeho
lders Advise team members on the design and scientific background of      statistical models Organize knowledge sharing sessions in order to teach Dat
a Science      basic principles to project team members Your Qualification and Experience: University      Degree in Statistics, Biology, Computer Sci
ence,      Bioinformatics, etc. 3 - 5  years of relevant work experience in Data Science within Life Sciences R&D domain Good understanding and work e
xposure with AWS Databricks Experience in data wrangling, modelling, integrating and comparing a wide range of      clinical data types At least 3 yea
rs of experience      in applying major data science, statistics and machine learning algorithms      (e.g. Data Science, Support Vector Machines, Neu
ral Nets, Deep Learning,      Machine Learning) and methods for exploratory, and confirmatory data      analysis in mid to large volume data sets  Exp
erience in regulated environments (GxP, GAMP, 21 CFR Part 11) and IT projects Substantial      experience with SAS/R and/or Python, ideally in Pharma 
Work      well within a team and collaborate with individuals with technical and      non-technical backgrounds Strong      communication skills, both
 verbal and written Work exposure within an international environment in life sciences field Fluent      in English (in writing and speaking), German 
or French would be an advantage Kontaktwega Informatik AG(0)5 Jobshttps://www.wega-it.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Stagiaire Data ScientistG. et F. Châtelain, succursale de Chanel SARLBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:GENEVE CORPStagiaire Data Scientist La Division Watches & Fine Jewelry développe et renforce actuellement ses capacités en Data Science. L'obj
ectif est d’utiliser la modélisation des données pour professionnaliser et automatiser les processus clés de la Supply Chain. En tant que stagiaire, v
ous ferez partie de la nouvelle équipe de Data Science sous la supervision du Global Chief Operations Officer. Vous serez chargé de collecter et de pr
éparer les données, d'appliquer des techniques d'exploration de données, des algorithmes d'apprentissage automatique, d'effectuer des analyses statist
iques et de construire des systèmes de prédiction de visant à renforcer et automatiser nos processus opérationnels. Votre rôle sera transversal et vou
s travaillerez en collaboration avec les membres de l'équipe des départements Operations, Marketing, IT & Finance mais aussi avec d'autres équipes au 
sein de nos différents Marchés & Régions.    Poste à pourvoir dès septembre 2024 pour 6 mois à Genève avec une convention de stage     Vos missions : 
 • Construire, lancer et automatiser des pipelines de données efficaces et fiables • Aider dans le développement des solutions de Machine Learning • P
résenter les résultats de manière claire et adaptée au public cible • Participer aux projets transverses Supply Chain, Opérations et Production    Vot
re profil :  Étudiant(e) en Master en Data Science, Informatique, Ingénierie, Mathématiques ou similaire. Vous parlez et écrivez couramment l'anglais 
et le français. Expérience exigée avec Python et SQL. Connaissance de la plateforme et de l'environnement cloud (Azure, GCP ..) un plus. BewerbenJob m
erkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistQIM Info SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveData Scientist📣 Qim info, qui
 sommes-nous ? Société d’ingénierie informatique et de services du numérique créée en 2004 et implantée sur Genève, Lausanne, Annecy, Bâle et Zurich, 
Qim info c’est surtout un ensemble de consultant.e.s capables d’intervenir à tous les niveaux d’un Système d’Information. Avec 600 collaborateurs, nou
s sommes toujours à la recherche de nouveaux talents ! Fin 2021, Qim info obtient une note de 4.31/5 au label Happy at Work® qui permet de mesurer le 
bien-être et les facteurs de motivations des collaborateurs. Et se place en 3ème position du classement ICTJournal en 2022. 📌 En quelques mots Nous re
cherchons un Data Scientist pour un client dans le secteur public à Genève. 🎯Votre mission  Le data scientist a pour mission de de collecter les donné
es pertinentes, de les nettoyer et de les préparer pour l’analyse, puis d’appliquer des techniques statistiques et des algorithmes d’apprentissage aut
omatique pour extraire des informations utiles. Le data scientist doit développer des modèles de data science et d’IA en utilisant des techniques tell
es que le Deep Learning, le Computer Vision, le Langage Naturel, le Reinforcement Learning, ou d’autres méthodes d’apprentissage automatique avancées 
selon les besoins spécifiques du projet. Collecte et analyse des données : collecter les données à partir de sources variées (automatiser l’extraction
, l’intégration et la mise à jour des données) et les analyser pour en extraire des informations utiles. Analyse exploratoire des données : Explorer l
es données pour en comprendre la structure, les tendances et les relations, en utilisant des outils statistiques et des visualisations de données OCSI
N Développement des algorithmes et des modèles de data science et d’IA : Concevoir et développer des algorithmes et des modèles de data science et d’I
A et améliorer les résultats. Évaluation des modèles de data science et d’IA: Évaluer la performance des modèles en utilisant des mesures appropriées 
et ajuster les modèles en conséquence pour améliorer leur précision et leur généralisation. Intégration et déploiement des modèles de data science et 
d’IA: Collaborer avec des ingénieurs logiciels pour intégrer les modèles dans des applications ou des systèmes existants. Assurer le déploiement effic
ace et sécurisé des modèles en production. Présenter et partager les résultats: Présenter les résultats de manière claire et compréhensible aux partie
s prenantes.  💼 Votre profil Compétences primordiales (5 années d’expérience et plus) :  Très bonnes connaissances en Python et de Jupyter Très bonnes
 connaissances des bibliothèques PyTorch, TensorFlow, Conda, Scikitlearn Très bonnes connaissances du traitement du langage naturel Très bonnes connai
ssances du Machine Learning et du Deep Learning Très bonnes connaissances de la qualité des données Bonnes connaissances des principes liés à l’organi
sation orientée service (approche ITIL) • Bonnes connaissances de la technologie de gestion des bases de données Formation : Diplôme (Bachelor ou équi
valent) en statistiques, mathématiques, informatique ou domaine similaire  Compétences importantes :  Aider les métiers à définir des objectifs réalis
tes en se basant sur leurs besoins et leurs données. Se montrer autonome dans la réalisation et le déploiement des algorithmes et des modèles de data 
science et d’IA  Qualités requises :  Capacité à challenger les besoins et être force de proposition des solutions pour le métier Autonomie, dynamisme
 Capacité à travailler sous stress Capacité à travailler en équipes et à partager ses connaissances Avoir une attitude ouverte vis-à-vis des changemen
ts  🏆 Conditions du poste  Genève📍 2 jours de télétravail par semaine Date de démarrage : 1er Juillet 2024 📆  💥Les étapes pour nous rencontrer  Notre 
équipe de chargés de recrutement est votre premier point de contact. A votre écoute, leur métier est de comprendre votre parcours, et de tenir compte 
de votre projet de vie et de vos attentes afin de vous proposer des missions qui vous correspondent. Selon votre domaine d’expertise, nous vous propos
ons d’échanger et de parler technique avec l’un de nos collaborateurs. Contexte, constitution de l’équipe en place, objectifs, expertise technique dem
andée, challenges à relever : cet entretien avec un Business Manager vous permet de connaître en détail les missions ou projets sur lesquels nous pour
rions être amenés à travailler ensemble. Un nouveau job au poste qui vous correspond !  🙌 Pourquoi choisir Qim info ? 🛠 Une expertise reconnue dans le
 monde du conseil avec une activité tournée autour d’une dizaine de secteurs d’activités et une connaissance de l’ensemble des métiers de l’IT 🤜🤛 Une 
proximité et un suivi RH & managérial de qualité avec nos consultants pour les accompagner dans leur montée en compétences et dans leur mission au quo
tidien 🥳 Nous rejoindre, c’est aussi partager plus qu’une pause-café ! Qim techs talks, soirées d’entreprises, Weekend Qim… de nombreux événements son
t organisés chaque année, de quoi se créer de beaux souvenirs ensemble ! 🔎 Vous souhaitez en savoir plus ? Nous attendons avec impatience votre candid
ature 😊KontaktQIM Info SA(0)31 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Technology ConsultantEPAM Systems (Switzerland) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Genf
Data Technology Consultant305 King St W Suite 1100 Kitchener, ON N2G 1B9 Canada Data Technology Consultant Description ABOUT THE ROLE Advance your car
eer at the forefront of innovation as a Data Technology Consultant and join our cutting-edge team in Geneva. This exciting role requires a technical v
irtuoso with expertise in Data-Driven technologies, Dataiku Data Science Studio platform and Snowflake. Your skills in data analysis tools and machine
 learning will be instrumental in pushing the boundaries of innovation. If you thrive on challenges, are passionate about data and excel in a cross-fu
nctional, international team, then our company is eager to welcome you aboard. Responsibilities  Administer the Dataiku Data Science Studio platform, 
including user management, project configuration and access control Design and maintain data architectures required for machine learning projects in c
ollaboration with teams of data scientists and data engineers. Manage the secure provision of data repositories on the platform, ensuring their access
ibility and compliance with quality and security standards Manage the integration, deployment, monitoring and maintenance of machine learning models t
hrough Dataiku Ensure the automation of data and ML workflows and integrate monitoring and alert systems to anticipate and resolve incidents Implement
 best MLOps and DevOps practices, notably in terms of CI/CD, scaling and model performance Develop and maintain up-to-date documentation of procedures
 and systems for internal reference and training of new users Work with IT teams to ensure consistency between the Dataiku platform and existing IT in
frastructure, including cloud and on-site environments Encourage and support a collaborative work environment for data and idea sharing and improve da
ta science skills within the organization  Requirements  Strong experience working as a Data Technology Consultant, Data Analyst Proficiency in Dataik
u Data Science Studio and Snowflake Solid understanding of data analysis tools and ML best practices Demonstrated ability in managing and designing da
ta platforms Experience with data architecture, machine learning models, MLOps and DevOps practices Experience with CI/CD pipelines, scaling and optim
izing model performance Fluent English and French language skills are needed  We Offer  EPAM Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Enhanced parental lea
ve Extended pension plan Daily sickness allowance insurance Employee assistance program Referral program Hybrid working opportunities Global business 
travel medical and accident insurance Great learning and development opportunities, including in-house professional training, career advisory and coac
hing, sponsored professional certifications, well-being programs, LinkedIn Learning Solutions and much more EPAM Switzerland was named a Top Company 2
022, 2023 & 2024 by Kununu for its people centric culture built on life-long learning Certain benefits and perks may be subject to eligibility require
ments  Additional  Please note that any offers will be subject to appropriate background checks We do not accept CVs from recruiting or staffing agenc
ies For this position, we are able to consider applications from the following: Swiss nationals EU/EFTA nationals Third-country nationals based in Swi
tzerland with an appropriate work permit Displaced people from Ukraine who are currently in Switzerland and hold, or have already applied for, S permi
ts KontaktEPAM Systems (Switzerland) GmbH(3)46 Jobshttps://www.epam.com/careers/job-listingsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI & Data Engineer Nexplore AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortge
schritten)Arbeitsort:Thun (Gwatt) Du brennst für AI Engineering und Daten-Architekturen? Dann haben wir hier Deine Stelle!   80 - 100 % | Thun | Bern 
| Basel | Zürich | Homeoffice      Deine neuen Rollen AI Engineer    Du analysierst die Bedürfnisse des Kunden und wählst passende Modelle aus.    Du 
trainierst, validierst und bindest Machine Learning Modelle ein.    Du hast mindestens 2 Jahre Projekterfahrung in AI, ML und Data Engineering Projekt
en.    Du hast praktische Kenntnisse im Bereich Azure ML und Azure AI Services, LLM / RAG von Vorteil.   Du verfügst über eine abgeschlossene Ausbildu
ng oder ein abgeschlossenes Studium (Informatik, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Physik, Statistik, etc.)     Data Engineer / Scientist    Du validierst und un
terstützt die Erarbeitung von Daten-Architektur Konzepten.    Du verfügst über praktische Kenntnisse im Data Engineering / Data Science (z.B. mit Pyth
on, R).    Mit modernen Tools aus dem Azure Stack orchestrierst du Pipelines und erstellst Data Lakes und Warehouses.    Du unterstützt das Projekttea
m bei der Bereitstellung und Visualisierung der Daten.     Presales & Consulting    Du unterstützt den Verkauf bei der Erstellung von Offerten durch d
ein Expertenwissen.    Mit deiner Expertise bist du für deine Kollegen im Consulting eine wichtige Ansprechperson.    Idealerweise bewegst du dich in 
der Data + ML Community und bringst dich bei der Weiterentwicklung von unserem Angebot aktiv ein.              Deine Erfahrungen und dein Profil   Aus
bildung oder Studium in Richtung Data Science, AI, Informatik von Vorteil    Affin für AI, Machine Learning, Data Engineering    Du hast mindestens 2 
Jahre Berufserfahrung im AI und ML Bereich   Darum macht es Spass, für uns als AI & Data Engineer zu arbeiten   In unserer Selbstorganisation  Holacra
cy   hast du ein Maximum an Mitbestimmung und Verantwortung. Bei uns bleibst du nie stehen.   Deine Kreativität in der Findung von Lösungswegen hat fr
eie Bahn.   Du prägst den Ausbau unseres Bereichs Data + AI mit.   Du teilst dir die Arbeitszeit so auf, wie das am besten passt. Wir kennen keine fix
e Bürotage.         KontaktNexplore AG(0)6 Jobshttps://www.nexplore.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Controller:in "Business Intelligence" COOPBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:JegenstorfWir v
on Interdiscount bieten unseren Kundinnen und Kunden das beste Einkaufserlebnis in der Schweiz. Engagiere dich in einem dynamischen und unternehmerisc
h geprägten Arbeitsumfeld. Übernimm Verantwortung, sei mit uns initiativ und entwickle dich weiter.  Aufgaben   Du verantwortest die erfolgreiche Steu
erung vom Verkaufspreiscontrolling und Market-Insights, Ad-Hoc Analysen und nimmst die Stellvertretung deiner Kolleginnen und Kollegen wahr, welche di
e Wertschöpfungsinstrumente (Absatz, oder Warenfluss, Promotionen) verantworten   Du bist verantwortlich für die Anforderungsklärung, Steuerung, Bearb
eitung und termingerechte Ausführung der Prozesse, Aufgaben und Projekte.  Du hast eine ausgeprägte Affinität zur Datenvalidierung, Analyse von Geschä
ftsprozessen, Automatisierung von Prozessen und Erstellung dynamischer KPI-Dashboards unter Anwendung von Data-Science-Methoden.  Du nutzt mathematisc
he und statistische Methoden zur Identifizierung von Anomalien, Mustern sowie signifikanten Erkenntnissen und kannst diese Ergebnisse entscheidungsunt
erstützend aufbereiten.  Du verstehst es, Hypothesen und Herausforderungen des Geschäftsalltags mittels Daten in analytische Modelle zu übersetzen und
 kannst die relevanten Erkenntnisse zielgruppengerecht präsentieren.  Du agierst in diversen Projekten interdisziplinär sowie unternehmensübergreifend
. Du kannst flexibel kurzfristige Anfragen zügig bearbeiten und professionelle Ergebnisse aufzeigen.    Anforderungen   Du hast ein abgeschlossenes St
udium der Statistik, Mathematik, Data Science, (quantitativen) VWL / BWL, Informatik oder eines verwandten Studienganges abgeschlossen.  Du bist eine 
belastbare Persönlichkeit, der es Freude bereitet, im Spagat zwischen Tagesgeschäft und Projektauftrag zu agieren und möchtest dich kontinuierlich wei
terentwickeln.  Du hast Freude daran, im Team zu arbeiten und kannst entscheidende Beiträge zum Erfolg leisten. Du bist motiviert, mit deinem analytis
chen Denkvermögen herausfordernde wirtschaftliche Fragestellungen quantitativ zu lösen und zielgruppengerecht zu beantworten.  Du bist sicher im Umgan
g mit analytischer Programmiersprache und besitzt Programmiererfahrung in Python sowie die Bereitschaft, dich in fortgeschrittene Pakete und neue Prog
ramme einzuarbeiten.  Du hast bereits Kompetenzen im Bereich Projektmanagement aufgebaut oder möchtest diese erlernen.  Optimalerweise hast du bereits
 erste Berufserfahrung gesammelt oder ein Praktikum im Umfeld Data Science absolviert.  Du bringst sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch 
mit (Französisch und Italienisch von Vorteil).  Eine selbstständige, strukturierte und effiziente Arbeitsweise ist für dich selbstverständlich.  Du bi
st eine flexible sowie engagierte Persönlichkeit.    Was wir bieten     Grosszügige Personalrabatte in verschiedenen Coop-Formaten   Attraktive Sozial
- und Vorsorgeleistungen   Home-Office-Möglichkeit   Wir fördern Talente und bieten ein umfassendes Aus- und Weiterbildungsangebot   Du-Kultur und "of
fene Türen"   Update-Fitness: Fr. 200.- Rabatt aufs Jahresabonnement   Dynamisch und unternehmerisch    COOPJegenstorf  KontaktCOOP(47)1871 Jobshttp:/
/www.coop.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist mit Schwerpunkt KIKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselData S
cientist mit Schwerpunkt KI Ihre Aufgaben Data Science: Die Analyse von komplexen Datensätzen gehört ebenso zu deinen Tätigkeiten wie die Bewertung ne
uer Technologien und Methoden im Bereich der Datenwissenschaften und der künstlichen Intelligenz. Machine Learning & KI: Du entwickelst und implementi
erst Machine Learning-Modelle zur Analyse großer Datenmengen und leitest die Evaluation, die Installation und das Finetuning von lokal installierten L
arge Language Models (LLM). Advanced Analytics: Du wendest Methoden der Advanced Analytics auf strukturierte und unstrukturierte Daten an und trägst z
ur Wissensvermittlung dieser Methoden an die Mitarbeitenden der kantonalen Verwaltung bei. Ihr Profil Erfahrung: Data Science ist dein Fachgebiet. Du 
hast Erfahrung in der Analyse von grossen Datenbeständen unter Mithilfe von Elementen der künstlichen Intelligenz sowie der Entwicklung und Implementi
erung von Machine Learning-Modellen. Persönlichkeit: Du arbeitest mit Freude in verschiedenen Projekten mit thematisch unterschiedlichen Schwerpunkten
. Du erledigst deine Aufgaben verantwortungsbewusst und speditiv. Du bist initiativ und kontaktfreudig. Teamarbeit beflügelt dich. Ausbildung: Du verf
ügst über ein abgeschlossenes Studium mit quantitativem Schwerpunkt auf Masterstufe. Sprache: Du hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python, R und
 ähnlicher Software. KontaktKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research assistant / doctoral candidate in Conversational AI and Large Language Models (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:1
3 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenResearch assistant / doctoral candidate in Conversational AI and Large Language Models
 (m/f/d)Our research at the Chair of Data Science and Natural Language Processing at the Institute of Computer Science (ICS-HSG) focuses on the areas 
of large language models (LLM) and quantitative data science. We collaborate with the Institute for Educational Management and Educational Technologie
s (IBB), as well as the EdTech Startup Brian on questions at the interface of education and technology.  Research assistant / doctoral candidate in Co
nversational AI and Large Language Models (m/f/d)    Your tasks   Participating in research within the field of Artificial Intelligence in Education (
AIED). Conducting research and implementing Large Language Models for the development of AI- driven chatbots. Advancing the capabilities of a Conversa
tional AI platform. Integrating Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) technology and vector database solutions. Engaging in collaborative efforts withi
n an interdisciplinary research team, led by Prof. Dr. Sabine Seufert at the Institute for Educational Management and Educational Technologies, alongs
ide our industry partner, the EdTech startup "Brian." Brian specializes in AI-powered software designed to enhance personalized and collaborative lear
ning experiences for both students and educators, enriched with learning analytics features (https://brian.study/). This role offers the unique opport
unity to pursue a doctoral degree in this cutting-edge area of study.     Your profile   Possess a Master's degree in Computer Science, Computational 
Linguistics, Data Science, or a related field, demonstrating a solid foundation in technical knowledge Proficient in Python programming, showcasing st
rong coding skills and the ability to solve complex problems efficiently Experience in one or more of the following areas is highly desirable:  Develo
pment and implementation of Chatbots Building and working with Large Language Models Creating solutions using Conversational AI technologies     Willi
ngness to learn and work with development stacks that include Clojure, as well as front-end technologies like Dart. Exhibits a work ethic that is dili
gent, responsible, structured, goal-oriented, and independent Good communication abilities and interpersonal skills. Proficiency in English.   "A plac
e where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG), S
witzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive and 
innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Deputy) Head of Pricing Specialty Lines (all gender), Full-Time or Part-Time50 - 100 %Helvetia Versicherungen AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 M
ärz 2024Pensum:50 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Basel(Deputy) Head of Pricing Specialty Lines (all gender), Full-Time or Part-Time50 - 100 %H
ere, you can scale new heights: in Switzerland and on the international market, Helvetia Specialty Lines offers tailor-made insurance cover for transp
ort, aviation, space, art and technology. So we can promise you: you will certainly not get bored here! Will you take up the challenge?  (Deputy) Head
 of Pricing Specialty Lines  (all gender), Full-Time or Part-Time    Your responsibility      As (Deputy) Head of Pricing Specialty Lines you are resp
onsible for building, refining, and improving existing pricing models and tools used by respective lines of business You lead a small team of pricing 
actuaries applying actuarial and data science techniques You develop pricing tools for testing purposes (e.g., in Excel) in collaboration with the bus
iness and produce specifications for implementation in Underwriting IT systems You lead the innovation and efficiency efforts related to tools and ana
lysis in support of Underwriting's pricing decisions with respect to large accounts as well as portfolio price adequacy analyses You create and delive
r actuarial presentations to all levels of management as required      Your qualification      Degree in quantitative field (Actuarial Science, Mathem
atics, Data Science or related field requiring modeling, programming, or quantitative analysis) Qualified actuary with 5 - 10 years' experience in ins
urance/reinsurance pricing or equivalent combination of education and experience Good level of programming skills with tools like SAS, R, Python, EMBL
EM, Radar,SQL Server, MS Office VBA Leadership experience You are fluent in English and German, any other language is valuable Strong communication sk
ills and customer orientation, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience     Contact Recruiting Partner   Working at Helvetia Te
am Helvetia is there together when it matters. We are people who can be relied on. Who support one another and stand up for each other. Who encourage 
and challenge each other. Who are inspired and who inspire others. That's how we shape the future together. &Go!      Degree in quantitative field (Ac
tuarial Science, Mathematics, Data Science or related field requiring modeling, programming, or quantitative analysis) Qualified actuary with 5 - 10 y
ears' experience in insurance/reinsurance pricing or equivalent combination of education and experience Good level of programming skills with tools li
ke SAS, R, Python, EMBLEM, Radar,SQL Server, MS Office VBA Leadership experience You are fluent in English and German, any other language is valuable 
Strong communication skills and customer orientation, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience      Degree in quantitative fiel
d (Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Data Science or related field requiring modeling, programming, or quantitative analysis) Qualified actuary with 5 -
 10 years' experience in insurance/reinsurance pricing or equivalent combination of education and experience Good level of programming skills with too
ls like SAS, R, Python, EMBLEM, Radar,SQL Server, MS Office VBA Leadership experience You are fluent in English and German, any other language is valu
able Strong communication skills and customer orientation, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Junior Controller:in "Business Intelligence" 80 - 100%Interdiscount | microspot.ch, Division der Coop GenossenschaftBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:0
8 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:JegenstorfJunior Controller:in "Business Intelligence" 80 - 100%Wir von Interdiscount biete
n unseren Kundinnen und Kunden das beste Einkaufserlebnis in der Schweiz. Engagiere dich in einem dynamischen und unternehmerisch geprägten Arbeitsumf
eld. Übernimm Verantwortung, sei mit uns initiativ und entwickle dich weiter.  Junior Controller:in "Business Intelligence"    Aufgaben   Du verantwor
test die erfolgreiche Steuerung vom Verkaufspreiscontrolling und Market-Insights, Ad-Hoc Analysen und nimmst die Stellvertretung deiner Kolleginnen un
d Kollegen wahr, welche die Wertschöpfungsinstrumente (Absatz, oder Warenfluss, Promotionen) verantworten   Du bist verantwortlich für die Anforderung
sklärung, Steuerung, Bearbeitung und termingerechte Ausführung der Prozesse, Aufgaben und Projekte.  Du hast eine ausgeprägte Affinität zur Datenvalid
ierung, Analyse von Geschäftsprozessen, Automatisierung von Prozessen und Erstellung dynamischer KPI-Dashboards unter Anwendung von Data-Science-Metho
den.  Du nutzt mathematische und statistische Methoden zur Identifizierung von Anomalien, Mustern sowie signifikanten Erkenntnissen und kannst diese E
rgebnisse entscheidungsunterstützend aufbereiten.  Du verstehst es, Hypothesen und Herausforderungen des Geschäftsalltags mittels Daten in analytische
 Modelle zu übersetzen und kannst die relevanten Erkenntnisse zielgruppengerecht präsentieren.  Du agierst in diversen Projekten interdisziplinär sowi
e unternehmensübergreifend. Du kannst flexibel kurzfristige Anfragen zügig bearbeiten und professionelle Ergebnisse aufzeigen.      Anforderungen   Du
 hast ein abgeschlossenes Studium der Statistik, Mathematik, Data Science, (quantitativen) VWL / BWL, Informatik oder eines verwandten Studienganges a
bgeschlossen.  Du bist eine belastbare Persönlichkeit, der es Freude bereitet, im Spagat zwischen Tagesgeschäft und Projektauftrag zu agieren und möch
test dich kontinuierlich weiterentwickeln.  Du hast Freude daran, im Team zu arbeiten und kannst entscheidende Beiträge zum Erfolg leisten. Du bist mo
tiviert, mit deinem analytischen Denkvermögen herausfordernde wirtschaftliche Fragestellungen quantitativ zu lösen und zielgruppengerecht zu beantwort
en.  Du bist sicher im Umgang mit analytischer Programmiersprache und besitzt Programmiererfahrung in Python sowie die Bereitschaft, dich in fortgesch
rittene Pakete und neue Programme einzuarbeiten.  Du hast bereits Kompetenzen im Bereich Projektmanagement aufgebaut oder möchtest diese erlernen.  Op
timalerweise hast du bereits erste Berufserfahrung gesammelt oder ein Praktikum im Umfeld Data Science absolviert.  Du bringst sehr gute Sprachkenntni
sse in Deutsch und Englisch mit (Französisch und Italienisch von Vorteil).  Eine selbstständige, strukturierte und effiziente Arbeitsweise ist für dic
h selbstverständlich.  Du bist eine flexible sowie engagierte Persönlichkeit.      Was wir bieten Grosszügige Personalrabatte in verschiedenen Coop-Fo
rmaten   Deine Ansprechperson  Federica Blumetti HR Marketing+41 31 764 42 68KontaktInterdiscount | microspot.ch, Division der Coop GenossenschaftBewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Engineer (w/m/d) Insel GruppeBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Bern  Da
s Insel Data Science Center ist eine direktionsübergreifende Abteilung der Insel Gruppe, welche alle Aufgaben zur Datenaufbereitung und Datenanalyse b
ündelt. Das IDSC entwickelt und betreibt die Datenplattform sowie der darauf aufbauenden Applikationen aus Data Engineering und Data Science. An der e
inzigartigen Schnittstelle zwischen den Direktionen Lehre & Forschung, Medizin, Management, Technologie & Innovation sowie zahlreicher Kliniken entwic
keln sich innovative Lösungen, welche den Alltag der Mediziner:innen und Patient:innen verbessern, Business Prozesse optimieren oder die Forschung unt
erstützen und den Anwendungsfall zurück ans Bett der Patient:innen begleiten. Zum Unterstützung in der Extraktion und Modellierung von biomedizinische
n Daten für Projekte innerhalb der Medizin suchen wir Sie!  Das erwartet Sie     Sie unterstützen Forschungsgruppen, Kliniken und Spitaladministration
 dabei, aus Daten Erkenntnisse zu gewinnen Sie entwickeln Proof of Concept Use Cases für Kund:innen, erschaffen ein nutzbares Produkt und operationali
sieren auf unserer Docker Container-Plattform oder Insel Daten Plattform (DWH) Sie automatisieren Datentransfer- und Datentransformationsprozesse Sie 
entwickeln und unterhalten Daten-Pipelines aus unserer klinischen Datenplattform in medizinische Register, testen und überwachen deren Funktionalität 
und überprüfen bei Bedarf die Datenqualität der Enddaten Sie unterstützen die effiziente Verarbeitung und Verwaltung der Informationsflut aus verschie
denen Quellsystemen durch strukturieren und skalieren Sie helfen mit bei der Extraktion und Bereitstellung von Daten nach unserem Data Delivery Prozes
s an Forschende und Mediziner:innen   Das bringen Sie mit     Sie verfügen über einen Hochschulabschluss in Informatik, Mathematik, Medizin oder ähnli
chen Fachgebieten Sehr gute Kenntnisse im Data Engineering, Python, SQL und Datawarehousing Bereitschaft, sich das Wissen zu Medizindaten anzueignen (
Erfahrung im Umfeld von Gesundheitsdaten ist ein entscheidender Vorteil) Epic (Electronic Medical Record Software)/Cogito Erfahrung und Zertifikatione
n (z.B. COG170) von grossem Vorteil Hohe Kundenorientierung und Interesse an der Begleitung von Projekten im Medizinbereich Als Teamplayer:in sehen Si
e sich als Bindeglied zwischen Fachexpert:innen und Entwickler:innen. Sie hören gut zu und kommunizieren gewandt in Deutsch und Englisch, eine exakte 
Arbeitsweise ist für Sie selbstverständlich   Unser Angebot  Eine riesige Datenplattform, gefüllt mit den hochspannenden Daten eines Universitätsspita
ls und herausfordernde Life Science Fragestellungen warten auf Ihre Kreativität und Kompetenz. Sie helfen mit Data Engineering zusammen mit internen S
takeholdern Lösungen für multidisziplinäre Probleme zu finden. Unterstützt von einem motivierten Team in einer modernen Arbeitsumgebung gestalten Sie 
die Medizin der Zukunft in einer führenden Spitalgruppe der Schweiz.  Fragen zur Stelle?  Weitere Auskünfte erteilt Ihnen gerne: Benjamin Ellenberger 
Insel Data Analytics Teamlead +41 31 664 02 92  Insel Gruppe3010 Bern  KontaktInsel Gruppe Bern(15)145 Jobshttps://www.inselgruppe.chBewerbenJob merke
nDiesen Job melden


Master Internship Data Analysis (M/W)Rollomatic SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Le Landeron
Master Internship Data Analysis (M/W)ROLLOMATIC CAREERS11.03.2024  EPFL Master InternshipData Analysis(M/W) 100%The cutting tools necessary for manufa
cturing smartphones, tablets, aircraft, cars and medical devices are high-tech products made on high-precision machines with high-performance software
. Rollomatic designs, manufactures, markets, and maintains these production systems worldwide with nearly 400 employees. THEME OF THE WORK:"DATA ANALY
SIS TO IMPROVE INDUSTRIAL PROBLEM SOLVING" YOUR PROFILE:   Master student, oriented towards mechanics, micro-engineering and data science looking for 
a part-time/full-time position as an intern   Good knowledge in data science environments   Strong interest in domains such as data analysis, natural 
language and image processing,  AI, and software development- Motivation for engineering application in the heart of Swiss-made high-precision industr
y YOUR MISSION:   Analyze databases in our departments to identify and propose solutions for future challenges   Develop strategy to set predictive ma
intenance   Implementation of these solutions with an adequate framework   Collaborate with different teams within the company  OPPORTUNITIES :   This
 internship project offers you the opportunity to immerse yourself in a unique environment that combines industrial aspects, the development of data a
nalysis methods and their implementation   You will be integrated into a team of professional software developers and engineers, following modern work
ing methodologies   Your research and development work brings significant added value to our customers, contributing to the improvement of a core doma
in   Finally, this research work can possibly continue with a Master thesis, PhD project or employment at Rollomatic  PLACE OF WORK :   Your workplace
 will be shared between Rollomatic Headquarter (Le Landeron) and one of our innovation cells: EPFL Innovation Park or Swiss Innovation Park Biel/Bienn
e   Partial remote work possible Application deadline: 31.05.2024 Are you interested in this challenge? Please send your application (EN or FR) at: ce
lluleEPFL@rollomatic.ch    OCT 2023-OCT 2024CHKontaktRollomatic SA(1)13 Jobshttps://www.rollomatic.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:BernPhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Research Group for Data Science in Diabetes CareStart of employment: as soon as po
ssibleDuration: 3 years with the possibility to extend by 1 yearThe research group for Data Science in Diabetes Care (led by Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch) is o
ffering a PhD position in machine learning for medical wearable data analysis.Keywords: medical AI, wearable data, deep learning, foundation models, s
elf-supervised learning, cardiovascular risk  PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data    Tasks Wearable devices such as continuous glucose m
onitors and smartwatches hold high potential for patient care, in particular for diseases where patients need to make frequent decisions about their b
ehaviour, lifestyle or medication. In these situations, AI-based tools can interpret wearable signals and provide feedback, and recommendations. The g
oal of this project is to develop deep learning methods to analyse wearable signals. The project will focus on both method development and clinical ap
plication. In the methodological part, the candidate will develop ML techniques to learn from large-scale wearable datasets (continuous glucose monito
ring devices and smartwatches), with a specific focus on the development of foundation models and self-supervised pre-training. In the application par
t, the candidate will use the developed techniques to train specialised models for wearable-based cardiovascular risk factor prediction. In this task,
 the candidate will benefit from regular interaction with clinical experts from the Insel University Hospital Bern involved in the project.   Requirem
ents We are looking for an ambitious and highly motivated PhD candidate with a keen interest in doing machine learning research in the healthcare spac
e. You should hold a Masters degree in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, machine learning, statistics, biomedical or electrical engi
neering, or similar. You have solid knowledge of machine learning and strong programming skills in Python. Ideally, you already have some experience w
ith deep learning. Experience processing time-series or wearable data is a plus. Beyond technical skills, you communicate clearly in both verbal and w
ritten settings. You work well independently but act as a team player. You are self-driven, curious and excited to do good science.   About us We are 
a recently established research lab with a strong focus on AI for medicine. We are uniquely positioned at the intersection of the machine learning/eng
ineering and medical research communities in Bern. The candidate will be supervised by Prof. Lisa Koch and embedded in the research group for data sci
ence in diabetes care. The group is affiliated with the Medical Faculty of the University of Bern, in particular the University Department of Diabetes
, Endocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism (UDEM), and has close links to the Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM).   Appli
cation and contact Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch, E-Mail schreibenKontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Analyst Specialist (Content Manager)TELUS InternationalBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:BielData Analyst Specialist (Content Manager)Required Skills: Cloud SQL Github MS SQL Domo Python Data Analytics Nice to have: Data science BI Devel
opment BI Reporting KontaktTELUS InternationalBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Data Scientist (Insurance) - BCG XBoston Consulting Group AG (Switzerland)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZurichLead Data Scientist (Insurance) - BCG XWho We Are Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to
 tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963
. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, bu
ild sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and 
a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology a
nd design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organ
ization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place. What You'll Do Our BCG X teams own the f
ull analytics value-chain end to end: framing new business challenges, designing innovative algorithms, implementing, and deploying scalable solutions
, and enabling colleagues and clients to fully embrace AI. Our product offerings span from fully custom-builds to industry specific leading edge AI so
ftware solutions.As a Lead Data Scientist in our insurance practice, you'll be part of our rapidly growing team. You'll have the chance to apply data 
science methods and analytics to real-world business situations across the insurance sector to drive significant business impact. We help companies id
entify and develop growth opportunities that reshape the future of the insurance industry.As a core member of BCG X you will also take a larger and mo
re proactive role in shaping the strategy of BCG X – and of BCG overall. You will work closely with partners & managing directors to drive our company
’s growth & business development. Additional responsibilities will include developing and delivering thought leadership, managing teams of data scient
ists, engineers, designers. Successful candidates are intellectually curious builders who are biased toward action, scrappy, and communicative.We are 
seeking a strong candidate with significant experience in the insurance sector and advanced analytics to fill an exciting Lead Data Scientist position
 within BCG X. The Lead Data Scientist is expected to be a recognized expert in data science and will manage a team of data scientists and engineers t
o build innovative new products and analytics solutions in BCG's fast growing insurance practice. Successful candidates possess the following:•Comfort
able in a client-facing role, manage engagements, client relationships, provide “thought leadership” to teams•Explain sophisticated data science conce
pts in an understandable manner and act as interface between business & tech•Likes to distill complex results or processes into simple, clear visualiz
ations•Significant experience applying advanced analytics to a variety of business situations and a proven ability to synthesize complex data•Solid un
derstanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinnings, and can translate this into business implications for our insu
rance clients •Have strong project management skills What You'll Bring (Experience & Qualifications) •7+ years of relevant industry work experience in
 an Insurance company or Insurtech Startup providing advanced analytics solutions•Advanced degree required in a field linked to business analytics, st
atistics or geo- statistics, operations research, geography, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related field•Strong record of pro
fessional accomplishment and leadership•Looking for individuals with deep technical and data science expertise, acute strategic and analytical skills,
 ability to lead and persuade, drive and energy, and desire to work in a project-based environment •Demonstrated ability to lead and manage projects a
nd teams•Proven ability to drive topics and make a commercial impact in the insurance sector•Fluency in at least one coding language (Python)   Boston
 Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, 
age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characterist
ic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent w
ith applicable state and local laws.BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Azure Cloud MLOps Engineer (w/m/d) die MobiliarBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellung, Temp
orärSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:BernIn dieser Funktion bist du in der nach SAFe aufgestellten agilen Organisatio
n Teil eines interdisziplinären Scrum Teams und kannst unsere Systemlandschaft mittels neuester Technologien mitgestalten und vorantreiben. Das bewirk
st du bei unsDu bist verantwortlich für die Entwicklung und den Betrieb (DevOps) unserer Data Science Stacks sowie für die Gestaltung unserer MLOps Pr
ozesse in der Azure Cloud. Dabei hilfst du mit bei der Bereitstellung der Data Science Entwicklungsumgebung, basierend auf Azure Machine Learning (ML)
 und den Deployments von Python ML-Modellen auf Azure Kubernetes oder Azure Databricks. Gemeinsam ermöglichen wir als Team den Einsatz von State-of-th
e-Art AI/ML-Themen wie Large Language Models und AI-as-a-Service im strategisch wichtigen Outcome der Datenwertschöpfung. Mit deiner gewinnenden und k
undenorientierten Persönlichkeit unterstützt du Die Mobiliar bei der Modernisierung der IT-Landschaft und der Transformation in die Cloud. Das bringst
 du mit  Abgeschlossene Aus- und Weiterbildung in Informatik oder vergleichbar Interesse, deine Erfahrungen mit ML zu erweitern mit Azure Services wie
 z.B. Azure ML, Azure OpenAI, Azure AI Services, Databricks und Kubernetes Erfahrungen mit DevOps im CI/CD-Umfeld, Automatisierung und Testing Kenntni
sse in Python und Terraform Umsetzungsstarke und kommunikative Teamplayer-Persönlichkeit Fliessende Deutschkenntnisse, gute Englischkenntnisse Bei uns
 arbeiten Auf dich freut sich das agile Team «Aare», bestehend aus Developern, Product Owner und Scrum Master. Zusammen leben wir eine kommunikative, 
aufgeschlossene und motivierende Arbeitsatmosphäre, in der auch der persönliche Austausch nicht zu kurz kommt.   Flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle und Home 
Office sind bei uns selbstverständlich. Zu deinen mind. 25 Ferientagen, ermöglichen wir dir den Kauf von bis zu vier zusätzlichen Ferienwochen. Du erh
ältst von uns ein kostenloses Abonnement für dein Smartphone, ein Halbtax sowie bis zu 25% Rabatt auf unsere Versicherungs- und Vorsorgeprodukte. Prof
itiere zudem von einem grossen internen Ausbildungsangebot und Vergünstigungen an vielfältigen Events. Bewirb dich rasch und unkompliziert, auch ohne 
Motivationsschreiben. Wir freuen uns auf dich! Bei Fragen melde dich gerne bei deinem Peoplemanager Thomas (E-Mail schreiben). Wir besetzen diese Stel
le ohne Unterstützung von externen Personaldienstleistern.   die MobiliarLionel Renaud0041 22 363 98 63  KontaktSchweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsg
esellschaft AG(14)77 Jobshttps://jobs.mobiliar.ch/Jobs/All?DesignID=00&lang=gerBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Hilfsassistent:in 40 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:40%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernHilfsassistent:in 4
0 %Das Kompetenzzentrum für Public Management Universität Bern sucht per 1. September 2024 oder nach Vereinbarung eine:n Hilfsassistent:in. Die Stelle
 ist auf 3 Monate befristet.Wir sind ein schweizweit und international bekanntes Forschungszentrum auf dem Gebiet der Verwaltungswissenschaft. Als int
erfakultäre Einheit der Wirtschafts- und Sozialwissenschaftlichen sowie der Rechtswissenschaftlichen Fakultät sehen wir uns der inter- und multidiszip
linären Forschung zwischen den Disziplinen Ökonomie, Politikwissenschaft und Recht verpflichtet.  Hilfsassistent:in    Aufgaben   Sammlung und Säuberu
ng von Daten aus verschiedenen Quellen zu den Gemeinden und Kantonen der Schweiz Organisation und Aufbereitung der Daten für quantitative Analysen Pun
ktuelle Unterstützung bei verschiedenen Aufgaben im Zusammenhang mit dem Forschungsprojekt     Anforderungen   Studierende an einer Schweizer Hochschu
le, vorzugsweise im Bereich Data Science mit starkem Interesse an Politik und öffentlicher Statistik, oder im Bereich Politikwissenschaften mit fundie
rten Kenntnissen in Data Science (Masterstudium oder fortgeschrittenes Bachelorstudium) Kenntnisse in Python und/oder R; Erfahrung in der Datenverarbe
itung und -analyse Fliessend in Deutsch oder Französisch; Englisch von Vorteil     Wir bieten   Flexible Arbeitszeiten Hohe Selbständigkeit Attraktive
s, anspruchsvolles und kollegiales Umfeld mit dynamischer und offener Kultur Kantonale Anstellungen mit Vergünstigungen im Rahmen einer universitären 
Anstellung Attraktiver Arbeitsplatz nahe des Bahnhofs Bern Möglichkeit zur Arbeit im Homeoffice     Bewerbung und Kontakt Lisa Asticher erteilt Ihnen 
gerne weitere Auskünfte: E-Mail schreibenKontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseAuticon Swiss AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichData Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseÜber auticon Swiss AG Wir von auticon haben ein einzigartiges Diversity-Modell zur Zus
ammenarbeit von Autist:innen mit den IT-Projektteams unserer Kunden entwickelt: all unseren IT-Spezialist:innen steht ein:e Jobcoach zur Seite und unt
erstützt – sofern gewünscht – in der individuellen Gestaltung des Arbeitsplatzes sowie in Fragen der Kommunikation und sozialen Interaktion. Darüber h
inaus finden unsere Kolleg:innen in unseren Projektmanagern kompetente Ansprechpersonen für projektbezogene Fragen und fachliche Weiterentwicklung. Wa
s wir bieten  Autismus-freundliche Arbeitskultur sowie ein wertschätzendes und authentisches Umfeld mit flachen Hierarchien Festanstellung in Voll- od
er Teilzeit; flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle Möglichkeit zur Remote-Arbeit und in unserem Office in Gehdistanz zum HB Zürich IT-Projekte bei renommierten 
Kunden in vielfältigen Branchen (Banken, Versicherungen, IT-Dienstleister, Industrie etc. …) Individuelle fachliche und persönliche Weiterentwicklung 
Angebot zur freiwilligen Teilnahme an Freizeitanlässen Angebot eines freiwilligen Wohncoachings durch die Kooperation mit einer NGO  Dein Profil Du ve
rfügst über eine Autismus-Diagnose oder bist in Abklärung dazu Die Qualität deiner Arbeit hat für dich eine hohe Priorität Du besitzt sehr gute Deutsc
hkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift und gute Englischkenntnisse für den Berufsalltag Deine inhaltlichen Schwerpunkte  Du kennst dich mit den Aspekten von 
Data Science und Smart Analytics aus. Die Aufgaben Datenintegration, -bereinigung, -analyse und -visualisierung sind dir aus der Praxis bekannt. Du ke
nnst dich mit den Programmiersprachen, Konzepten und Methoden im Bereich des Themas Data Science aus und hast diese praktisch angewendet.  Deine Tätig
keiten bei uns Du übernimmst Aufgaben in Kundenprojekten entsprechend deiner fachlichen Kenntnisse in enger Zusammenarbeit mit dem Kundenteam, unseren
 Projektmanagern und Teamleitern. Zu deinen Aufgaben gehören:  Daten-Beschaffung, -Bereinigung, -Analyse und Auswertung mit modernen Methoden  Das Aus
wahl- und Einstellungsverfahren Den genauen Ablauf des Bewerbungsverfahrens findest du hier: https://auticon.com/ch/karriere/KontaktAuticon Swiss AG(0
)3 Jobshttps://auticon.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Head Pricing Non-Life (all gender) Reinsurance, Full-Time or Part-Time50 - 100 %Helvetia Versicherungen AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 März 202
4Pensum:50 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenHead Pricing Non-Life (all gender) Reinsurance, Full-Time or Part-Time50 - 100 %Anyone tak
ing out insurance wants to feel secure. You can assist our customers here – through risk transfer and capital optimization in numerous risk classes. B
ased on our Swiss values, our vision is to be a strong reinsurance partner throughout the world, both in life and in non-life insurance. Are you on bo
ard – and ready to be part of our dynamic, sustainable growth?  Head Pricing Non-Life (all gender) Reinsurance, Full-Time or Part-Time    Your respons
ibility   As Head Pricing Non-Life, you are responsible for the pricing, the pricing tools & pricing parameters used for the global non-life reinsuran
ce treaty business (except Nat Cat) within Active Reinsurance You manage a team of pricing actuaries You perform regular reviews of pricing results wi
th actual performance of the portfolio to validate the applied parameters You develop and enhance best-in-class tools to be used in pricing of the glo
bal Non-Life reinsurance business within Active reinsurance in cooperation with the Development & Operations Team You gather market data for the relev
ant non-life insurance products and participate in client discussions/visits to obtain a better insight into the relevant market specifics You report 
directly to our Head Actuarial Services     Your qualification   Degree in a quantitative field (Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science
 or related field), a completed actuarial qualification is a plus Solid and proven understanding of the respective insurance and reinsurance products 
and economics and in pricing & pricing tool development within insurance or reinsurance Programming skills and experience in working with databases is
 an asset Strong communication skills, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience Leadership experience You are fluent in English
 and  German, any other language is valuable     Contact Recruiting Partner   Working at Helvetia Team Helvetia is there together when it matters. We 
are people who can be relied on. Who support one another and stand up for each other. Who encourage and challenge each other. Who are inspired and who
 inspire others. That's how we shape the future together. &Go!   Degree in a quantitative field (Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science
 or related field), a completed actuarial qualification is a plus Solid and proven understanding of the respective insurance and reinsurance products 
and economics and in pricing & pricing tool development within insurance or reinsurance Programming skills and experience in working with databases is
 an asset Strong communication skills, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience Leadership experience You are fluent in English
 and  German, any other language is valuable   Degree in a quantitative field (Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science or related field)
, a completed actuarial qualification is a plus Solid and proven understanding of the respective insurance and reinsurance products and economics and 
in pricing & pricing tool development within insurance or reinsurance Programming skills and experience in working with databases is an asset Strong c
ommunication skills, ability to explain technical topics to a non-technical audience Leadership experience You are fluent in English and  German, any 
other language is valuable BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Working Student Data Engineering Dekarbonisierung Real Estate (mind. 60%)Swiss Life Asset Management AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024P
ensum:60%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichWorking Student Data Engineering Dekarbonisierung Real Estate (mind. 60%)  Heute die Chancen von morge
n erkennen. Ihre und unsere.    Bei Swiss Life Asset Managers bringen Sie Ihre individuellen Talente und Expertise in einem motivierten und flexiblen 
Arbeitsumfeld ein. Sie übernehmen ein hohes Mass an Verantwortung, meistern anspruchsvolle Herausforderungen selbstständig mit Gestaltungsspielraum un
d in Zusammenarbeit mit professionellen Teams.Bei Swiss Life Asset Managers zu arbeiten, heisst Dynamik im stabilen Umfeld zu leben. Unsere Mitarbeite
nden machen den Unterschied. Der Mensch zählt.Flexible Arbeitsmodelle ermöglichen Ihnen berufliche und persönliche Ambitionen in Einklang zu bringen. 
    Die Climatch, Teil von Swiss Life Asset Managers, gestaltet die nachhaltige, datenbasierte Transformation von Immobilien und Arealen. Unsere Missi
on: zukunftsfähige und umweltschonende Energieinfrastruktur sowie langfristige Werterhaltung von Immobilien. Für die Climatch suchen wir zum nächstmög
lichen Zeitpunkt einen Working Student Data Engineering Dekarbonisierung Real Estate mit einem Pensum von mind. 60%. Du unterstützt uns bei der Dateng
rundlagenbeschaffung, Transformation und Orchestration für das Management von Verbrauchsdaten auf einer modernen Datenplattform.    Dein Arbeitsort is
t Zürich (Homeoffice teilweise möglich nach Absprache).         Die Rolle      Unterstützung bei der Konzeptionierung und Erweiterung von Datenprodukt
en im Bereich der Dekarbonisierung sowie der technischen Umsetzung auf einer modernen Datenplattform    Übernahme von Aufgaben mit Fokus auf die Weite
rentwicklung des Verbrauchsdaten Managements für ESG-Reports    Erweiterung von Datenmodellen und Datenflüssen sowie Analyse, Interpretation, und Visu
alisierung von Verbrauchsdaten    Unterstützung bei der Erstellung von Reports und Präsentationen    Mitarbeit bei der Prozessdigitalisierung rund um 
die Verbrauchsdatenbeschaffung, -aufbereitung, -prüfung und -ablage           Expertise      Studium in einer Ingenieurwissenschaft, Naturwissenschaft
, oder Data Science    Einschlägige technische Kenntnisse in Datenverarbeitung/Data Engineering/Data Science    Starke Affinität zu Nachhaltigkeit und
 Dekarbonisierung          Freude an der Zusammenarbeit mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen in einem innovativen Corporate Venture    Eigenständige Arbeitswe
ise und Bereitschaft, sich selbständig Informationen zu beschaffen und Wissen zu erarbeiten    Kundenorientierte Einstellung und sehr gutes analytisch
es Denkvermögen, schnelle Auffassungsgabe     Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse. Französischkenntnisse von Vorteil.        Ihre Benefits​ Wir 
unterstützen unsere Mitarbeitenden, ihre berufliche Entwicklung und Lebensgestaltung über alle Lebensphasen hinweg optimal zu gestalten. Unsere attrak
tiven Vorteile tragen einen Teil dazu bei.      Ihr Kontakt  Nicole BienzTelefon:+41 43 547 69 07 BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche/n Mitarbeiter/-in und Doktorand/-in im Bereich Digital Marketing and Consumer BehaviorUniversität LuzernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentl
icht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuzernWissenschaftliche/n Mitarbeiter/-in und Doktorand/-in im Bereich Digital Marketing a
nd Consumer BehaviorOffene Stellen Die Wirtschaftswissenschaftliche Fakultät hat zum Herbstsemester 2016 ihren Betrieb aufgenommen. Die ausgezeichnete
 Betreuung der Studierenden, interaktive Lehrformen, die enge Verknüpfung von Wissenschaft und Praxis, die Fokussierung auf aktuelle Herausforderungen
 in politischer Ökonomie, Management und Data Sciences sowie ein junges und motiviertes Team verleihen der Fakultät ein einzigartiges Profil. Wissensc
haftliche/n Mitarbeiter/-in und Doktorand/-in im Bereich Digital Marketing and Consumer Behavior Sie interessieren sich für Konsumentenverhalten, Digi
talisierung, Künstliche Intelligenz, neue Technologien allgemein und wissenschaftliches Arbeiten? Sie wollen an hochaktuellen und -relevanten Themen i
m Zusammenspiel zwischen Marketingtheorie und -praxis arbeiten und dabei selber neues Wissen generieren? Dann sind Sie bei uns richtig! Wir sind ein j
unger und hochmotivierter Lehrstuhl (Prof. Dr. Reto Hofstetter) mit ambitionierten Forschungsprojekten in Kooperation mit internationalen Top-Universi
täten (z.B. Columbia, Michigan, Wharton oder Stanford University) und Unternehmen. Inhaltlich liegt unser Schwerpunkt im Bereich Digitales Marketing u
nd Konsumentenverhalten. Wir erwarten von Ihnen:• Ein überdurchschnittlich abgeschlossenes Studium in Betriebswirtschaftslehre, Psychologie oder Data 
Science oder angrenzenden Bereichen (bevorzugt universitärer Abschluss) • Interesse an wissenschaftlichen Fragestellungen im Bereich Konsumentenverhal
ten • Hohe Eigeninitiative und Zielorientierung • Sehr gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift • Motivation am Erlernen neuer Methoden und statist
ischer Verfahren (Programme wie R, Stata, Python, etc.-sollten keine Fremdworte für Sie sein). Wir bieten Ihnen:• Eine Promotion im Marketing/Betriebs
wirtschaftslehre (Dr. oec.) • Eine partnerschaftliche Arbeitsatmosphäre in einem jungen, hochmotivierten Team • Wissenschaftliche Arbeit im Kontakt mi
t internationalen Forschungspartnern • Die Möglichkeit eines Auslandsaufenthalts an einer führenden internationalen Institution bei entsprechender Eig
nung • Weiterbildung in quantitativer Methodik (z.B. an der St. Gallen Summer School, GSERM) • Stellenfinanzierung und -vergütung gemäss Reglement des
 Schweizerischen Nationalfonds (SNF)KontaktUniversität Luzern(7)9 Jobshttps://www.unilu.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceSchaerer AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:PremierDATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceDATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) Rejoignez notre centre mondial de l'innovation Gro
upe SEB :  Une équipe stratégie et planification qui dirige et pilote le portefeuille de domaines d'innovation Des Hubs d'innovation pluridisciplinair
es qui mènent des projets d'innovation de rupture au plus près des principaux marchés du Groupe SEB Des Centres d'Excellence qui soutiennent les équip
es de projet Innovation, Développement et Marketing dans leurs domaines d'expertise respectifs : insight consommateurs, propriété intellectuelle, élec
tronique et puissance, matériaux, sciences de l’alimentation, et ingénierie  Ce que nous allons accomplir ensemble : « Intégrez notre Centre mondial d
e l’innovation du Groupe SEB, pour contribuez à façonner les offres de produits et de services de demain. Par votre expérience et expertise , venez re
nforcer notre capacité à apporter des propositions ou solutions collectives, pour faciliter la vie de nos utilisateurs. Ensemble, créons un avenir pou
r leur quotidien », Serge Cubizolles, Responsable du Centre d’Excellence Technologique , n+1 du poste Contribuez à notre développement : Votre mission
 prend place au cœur des centres d’excellence du nouveau centre mondial de l’innovation du groupe Seb. Vous êtes intégré à une équipe experte et d’env
ergure mondiale, dédié aux questions mettant en jeux les Data et les Algorithmes. Au sein de cette équipe, votre rôle spécifique est de :  Assurer une
 veille technologique par des explorations d’écosystèmes d’applications référentes ou des benchmark ciblés et participer aux études de faisabilité et 
à la formalisation des liens entre les sources de Data Analyser les sources de données internes et externes requises pour mettre en œuvre nos futures 
services, comparer et préqualifier les algorithmes et les modèles de machine learning préalablement identifiés comme leviers d’innovation pour le grou
pe Identifier et Piloter la mise en place de démonstrateurs / solutions/ plateformes technologiques/ partenaires associés, pour la division innovation
 Prendre en compte l’expérience utilisateur dans la mise en œuvre des solutions et intégrer les pratiques de cybersécurité et d’éthique du groupe dans
 vos travaux Contribuer à l’intégration des solutions technologiques retenues en collaboration avec l’équipe projet  Vos responsabilités consistent à 
:  Etre garant de la qualité de la Data transmise et assurer les performances des algorithmes préqualifiés S’assurer que les bases de données utilisée
s ou utiles sont maintenues et entretenues Proposer des alternatives et questionner les choix des experts s’ils semblent non alignés avec les meilleur
s pratiques de l’univers data science Fournir un reporting clair sur les contributions  Apportez vos compétences :  Formation supérieure en informatiq
ue et/ou mathématique type école d’ingénieur, doctorat, ou équivalent, avec une spécialisation en Data Science ou statistiques/Data mining, vous avez 
une solide expérience d’au moins 3 ans dans le domaine du traitement de la Data et de l’algorithmie. Bases solides sur les modélisations et méthodes d
e machine learning (Modèles prédictifs supervisés, Moteur de recommandation, Modèles non supervisés, Segmentations, scoring…,Exploration statistique d
es données) ; et maîtrise du language Python (et/ou R) en environnement linux dans l’utilisation des librairies data science (Pandas, Scikit-Learn, sp
aCy, PyTorch, CRAN…) Une connaissance des environnements technologiques Cloud (aws, admin linux, docker, kubernetes, HTML, javascript) est un plus. Fo
rce de proposition, faisant preuve de curiosité et innovation, vous aimez le travail en équipe et savez partager vos connaissances. Passionné par les 
sujets Data, vous savez présenter vos résultats de façon rigoureuse et argumentée. La maitrise de l’anglais est obligatoire compte tenu du périmètre d
u poste.  Rencontrons-nous :  Premier échange avec le manager et les équipes recrutement, Rencontre ensuite avec le Directeur de l’Innovation du Group
e  Intégrez un Groupe Français International animé par :  Des valeurs : volonté d'entreprendre, passion pour l'innovation, professionnalisme, esprit d
e Groupe et respect de la personne avec des engagements citoyens et d'innovations durables concrets, Un accompagnement de ses collaborateurs : 1 poste
 sur 2 est pourvu en interne !, Des avantages pour tous : accords QVT dont 2 jours de télétravail par semaine, prime de vacances, participation/intére
ssement, 13è mois, CSE…  Découvrez-nous en vidéo ! Cliquez ici pour voir la vidéo sur le Campus SEB : CAMPUS SEB : siège mondial du Groupe SEB - YouTu
be LI-LV1KontaktSchaerer AG(10)47 Jobshttps://www.schaerer.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager, BiostatisticsAstellas Pharma AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WallisellenManager
, BiostatisticsBiostatistics Manager, Data Science About Astellas: At Astellas we offer an inspiring place to work and a chance to make your mark in d
oing good for others. Our expertise, science and technology make us a Life Sciences company, our open and progressive culture is what makes us Astella
s. It’s a culture of doing good for others and contributing to a sustainable society. Delivering meaningful differences for patients is our driving fo
rce. We all have a significant opportunity to make that difference, working locally in the areas we know best, whilst drawing inspiration from the dif
ferent insights and expertise we have access to globally and from our innovative, external partners. Our global vision for Patient Centricity is to su
pport the development of innovative health solutions through a deep understanding of the patient experience. At Astellas, Patient Centricity isn’t a b
uzzword, it’s a guiding principle for action. We believe all staff have a role to play in creating a patient-centric culture and integrating an awaren
ess of the patient into our everyday working practices, regardless of our role, team, or division. Our ethos is underpinned by the Astellas Way, compr
ising five core values: patient focus; ownership; results; openness and integrity. We are proud to offer an inclusive and respectful working environme
nt that fosters collaboration and ownership. Our aspiration is to bring the best minds together, to provide them with world-leading tools and resource
s and a unique structure that fosters real agility and entrepreneurial spirit. About this job: Due to continued success and growth, we are building a 
team of Study Statisticians, Support Statisticians, Statisticians and Exploratory Statisticians and have multiple positions for a Biostatistics Manage
r. You will be part of our Data Science Division (DS) and Statistical & Real-World Data Science (SRS) team who designs Astellas’ development programs 
to allow data-driven decision-making. You will contribute to the design and reporting of clinical trials/observational studies under the supervision o
f a more senior Statistician. Using state-of-the-art methodology and the most innovative approach, SRS generates compelling evidence using clinical tr
ials or real-world data (RWD) to ensure successful and timely regulatory approval, pricing, reimbursement, and patient access. You could also act as a
 Methodology Statistician, validating the execution of routine statistical techniques and identifying situations where novel techniques may be appropr
iate. This is an exciting time to join Astellas as we gear up to expand our team in the UK. We are looking for diverse talents and self-motivated indi
viduals who are eager to make a difference. Key activities are noted below:  Contributing to the efficient planning, execution and reporting of clinic
al or observational studies, post hoc, HTA, regional, PK-PD or Biomarkers analyses with an appropriate level of independence. Collaborating with other
 study team members (e.g. programmer, data manager, clinical study manager, study medical lead) influencing team members from all disciplines on stati
stical design, analysis and methodology topics. Responsible for the quality and timeliness of all statistical deliverables of the assigned tasks. Cont
ributing to clinical study reports, other reports, or publications by providing statistical interpretation of the results. Performing statistical anal
yses in accordance with protocol, SAP, good statistical practice, and available regulatory guidelines. Authors / reviews: synopsis, protocol, statisti
cal analysis plans (SAP), Case Report Forms (CRF), Data Validation Plans, tables listings and figure (TLF) specifications Partnering and communicating
 effectively with other Data Science (DS) functions; in particular, providing Statistical Programmers with study details, timelines, specifications, a
nd efficacy analyses algorithms. Statisticians and Programmers communicate frequently and update each other on progress of individual deliverables.  E
ssential Knowledge & Experience:  Educated to M.S level or higher (or equivalent) in Biostatistics, Statistics, or related scientific field. Experienc
e in applying statistical methods in biomedical research, Pharma, CRO, Academia or Healthcare industry. Hands-on programming experience within SAS, in
cluding data manipulation and analysis of a wide array of data sources/types. In addition, working knowledge of R is preferred. Understanding of and e
xperience with pharmaceutical datasets, statistical methodology, P,V and NIPASS from data identification landscaping, etc. Understanding of how to tra
nsform research objectives into study design, regulatory publications, and abstracts. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Identifies/imp
lements new ideas and methodologies, learn new techniques, and adjust to new approaches quickly. Ability to work independently to achieve results with
 a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail.  Additional information:  This position is part of Biostatistics, Medical Affairs (MA) statistics,
 regional Statistics, Methodology & Simulations, or Exploratory statistics in SRS and a member of a deliverable team. This position is an individual c
ontributor role. The is a permanent full-time position based in the UK. We offer a hybrid working pattern, requiring one day per quarter in the office
 (Addlestone), blended with a collaborative video environment that supports working from home.  We are an equal opportunity employer, and all qualifie
d applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected ve
teran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.KontaktAstellas Pharma AG(0)27 Jobshttps://www.astellas.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job meld
en


Senior Data Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseAuticon Swiss AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Data Scientist/Analyst (m/w/d) mit Autismus-DiagnoseÜber auticon Swiss AG Wir von auticon haben ein einzigartiges Diversity-
Modell zur Zusammenarbeit von Autist:innen mit den IT-Projektteams unserer Kunden entwickelt: all unseren IT-Spezialist:innen steht ein:e Jobcoach zur
 Seite und unterstützt – sofern gewünscht – in der individuellen Gestaltung des Arbeitsplatzes sowie in Fragen der Kommunikation und sozialen Interakt
ion. Darüber hinaus finden unsere Kolleg:innen in unseren Projektmanagern kompetente Ansprechpersonen für projektbezogene Fragen und fachliche Weitere
ntwicklung. Was wir bieten  Autismus-freundliche Arbeitskultur sowie ein wertschätzendes und authentisches Umfeld mit flachen Hierarchien Festanstellu
ng in Voll- oder Teilzeit; flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle Möglichkeit zur Remote-Arbeit und in unserem Office in Gehdistanz zum HB Zürich IT-Projekte bei
 renommierten Kunden in vielfältigen Branchen (Banken, Versicherungen, IT-Dienstleister, Industrie etc. …) Individuelle fachliche und persönliche Weit
erentwicklung Angebot zur freiwilligen Teilnahme an Freizeitanlässen Angebot eines freiwilligen Wohncoachings durch die Kooperation mit einer NGO  Dei
n Profil Du verfügst über eine Autismus-Diagnose oder bist in Abklärung dazu Die Qualität deiner Arbeit hat für dich eine hohe Priorität Du besitzt se
hr gute Deutschkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift und gute Englischkenntnisse für den Berufsalltag Du besitzt fünf oder mehr Jahre Arbeitserfahrung in ein
em IT-Umfeld und / oder verfügst über einen passenden Abschluss einer Ausbildung oder Studiums (MINT) Deine inhaltlichen Schwerpunkte  Du kennst dich 
mit den Aspekten von Data Science und Smart Analytics aus. Die Aufgaben Datenintegration, -bereinigung, -analyse und -visualisierung sind dir aus der 
Praxis bekannt. Du kennst dich mit den Programmiersprachen, Konzepten und Methoden im Bereich des Themas Data Science aus und hast diese praktisch ang
ewendet. Umsetzung von modernen Softwareentwicklungsmethoden, bspw. SCRUM, UML, Kanban, Prototyping, etc. in agilen Projekten Du hast Erfahrung mit kü
nstlicher Intelligenz und kennst die üblichen Algorithmen-Verfahren die im Kontext von KI eingesetzt werden. Du hast Erfahrung im Bereich der Verarbei
tung von natürlicher Sprache (NLP) Du hast schon in grösseren Teams oder Projekten gearbeitet und hast unter Umständen schon Teams geleitet oder Junio
r-Mitarbeiter betreut.  Deine Tätigkeiten bei uns Du übernimmst Aufgaben in Kundenprojekten entsprechend deiner fachlichen Kenntnisse in enger Zusamme
narbeit mit dem Kundenteam, unseren Projektmanagern und Teamleitern. Zu deinen Aufgaben gehören:  Daten-Beschaffung, -Bereinigung, -Analyse und Auswer
tung mit modernen Methoden Designen von ganzen Data-Pipelines und Data-Architekturen Evaluation von Algorithmen und Visualisierungsoptionen  Das Auswa
hl- und Einstellungsverfahren Den genauen Ablauf des Bewerbungsverfahrens findest du hier: https://auticon.com/ch/karriere/KontaktAuticon Swiss AG(0)3
 Jobshttps://auticon.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business/Data Analyst Fraud AnalyticsInventx AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichBusiness
/Data Analyst Fraud Analytics Du arbeitest in Chur, The Circle/Zürich, St. Gallen, Bern oder im Home-Office.Dir stehen attraktive und flexible Voll- u
nd Teilzeitmodelle offen. «Als Team verfolgen und erreichen wir gemeinsam unsere Ziele.» Bei Inventx gestaltest du den digitalen Wandel in der Finanz-
 und Versicherungsindustrie mit. An der Schnittstelle zwischen IT und Banking/ Insurance sorgst du mit uns dafür, dass unsere Kunden sich rund um die 
Uhr auf ihre modernen Plattformen verlassen können und zu digitaler Innovation befähigt werden.  Als Business/Data Analyst für Fraud Analytics bist du
 der/die direkte Ansprechpartner:in unserer Kunden. In deiner Rolle übernimmst du gemeinsam mit dem Product Owner die Verantwortung für die Betrugserk
ennung sowie die kontinuierliche Weiterentwicklung des bestehenden Fraud Detection Frameworks mit neuen Tools und Lösungen aus dem Bereich der künstli
chen Intelligenz. Arbeitest du leidenschaftlich gerne mit motivierten Teamkolleg:innen an innovativen Technologien? Bist du bereit Neues zu wagen und 
deine Spuren zu hinterlassen? Werde ein Teil von mutigen Macher:innen, kämpfe mit uns gegen Financial Cyber Crime und gestalte die digitale und KI-get
riebene Finanzwelt von morgen. Gestaltungsspielraum Ganzheitliche Beratung und Betreuung unserer Kunden im Banken- und Versicherungsumfeld Fachliche K
onzeption, Initiierung und Leitung von Projekten im Financial Cyber Crime Mitverantwortung für den Betrieb und die Weiterentwicklung unseres Fraud Det
ection Service Kontinuierliches Monitoring der Cyber Angriffe und Risikobeurteilung mit der gesamten Kunden Community Beurteilung von strategisch rele
vanten Markttendenzen, Kundenanforderungen, Verfügbarkeit von neuen Lösungen und Technologien Kompetenzen Mehrjährige Berufserfahrung im Bereich von F
raud Analytics, Data Science oder verwandten Gebieten Abgeschlossene höhere Ausbildung (Uni, FH, HF) Umfassende Analysekompetenzen und Kommunikationsf
ähigkeiten Grundlegende Expertise in der Konzeption und Anwendung von Data Science Technologien (z.B. SQL, Kotlin, Splunk, Python etc.) Vertraut in de
r Zusammenarbeit in einem agilen Team (Scrum, Kanban, Jira) Kommunikationsstark in Deutsch Wieso Inventx? Unsere Unternehmenskultur baut auf starken  
und einem einzigartigen . Passt du zu uns? Dann gib’ Deiner  einen Schub! Es erwarten dich ein spannendes Arbeitsumfeld und viele weitere attraktive B
enefits in drei wesentlichen Bereichen:   Interessiert? (Es werden nur Bewerbungen berücksichtigt, welche über das Bewerbungstool eingereicht werden) 
        Weitere Auskünfte erteilt Martina Gähwiler | HR Business PartnerKontaktInventx AG(2)37 Jobshttps://www.inventx.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job 
melden


Data Scientist (m/w/d)Körber Supply Chain AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GrabsData Scientis
t (m/w/d)Mit modernster Technologie und innovativem Design produzieren wirHigh-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinenund entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharm
abranche, wie denLine Optimizer. Es erwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue We
ge und Optimierungen des digitalen Shopfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt.      Deine Rolle in unserem Team     Agile Entwicklung vo
n Data Science (DS) & Artificial Intelligence (AI) Anwendungen unter Verwendung von Statistik- und Machine-Learning-Verfahren Teilprojektleitung und P
rojektabwicklung von DS und AI Anwendungen intern und bei Kunden Koordination von internen und externen Entwicklern sowie Anforderungen von Stakeholde
rn Entwicklung und Pflege der technischen Dokumentation zum Thema DS und AI Pflege und Durchsetzung von Code Qualitäts-Richtlinien Vorantreiben innova
tiver DS/AI & Cloud Lösungen in Zusammenarbeit mit den Schwesterfirmen Erfassung und Bewertung von Markt- und Kundenanforderungen, Beobachtung und Ana
lyse des Wettbewerbs im Bereich Data Science & Artificial Intelligence       Dein Profil   Wenn Deine Leidenschaft der Softwareentwicklung von digital
en Produkten gilt und Du Spass an der Arbeit im Team hast, dann bist Du genau die Persönlichkeit, die wir suchen.    Berufsausbildung oder Studium im 
Informatikbereich (HF, FH, Universität) Einschlägige Erfahrungen mit DS und AI Projekten und state of the art Entwicklungstechnologien Erfahrung im Ma
schinenbau sowie Pharma von Vorteil Gute Kommunikationsfähigkeit in Deutsch und Englisch (Wort & Schrift)    Zudem bist Du innovativ, pragmatisch und 
ein «Macher». Dank Deiner zielorientierten, strukturierten und selbständigen Arbeitsweise stellst Du Dich auch komplexen Herausforderungen und bringst
 eine hohe Kundenorientierung und Qualitätsbewusstsein mit.    Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Körber   AmKörber-Standort in Grabsentwickeln wir seit über 40 J
ahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovative Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Dividella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen 
und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die technologische Kreativität unserer modularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen.        Deine Vorteile    
 Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben in einem modernen technischen Umfeld, die «Techniker-Herzen»höher schlagen lässt Flexibl
e Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner Weiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmeneven
ts, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.       Bist Du bereit in die spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt einzutauchen?   Dann bewirb Dich jetzt!   Recruitme
nt-Team  Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E-Mail schreiben kontaktieren.Wir arbeiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten
 daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder Telefon abzusehen.Bitte sende uns Deine Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerber
portal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu.Recruiter:Angela RutzJob Req ID: 6745 Wir wertschätzen Vielfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabh
ängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herkunft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behinderung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Id
entität. KontaktKörber Supply Chain AG(0)8 Jobshttps://www.koerber-supplychain.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant in Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenZHAW Zürcher H
ochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WinterthurResear
ch Assistant in Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenResearch Assistant i
n Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % Are you passionate about contributing to state-of-the-art research in data science and ma
chine learning? Are you equally excited to see your research results implemented in industry? Are you fascinated by understanding engineered technical
 machines and combining this with cutting-edge deep learning methods? School: School of Engineering Starting date: 1st of July 2024 or by mutual agree
ment.  As part of our research team, you will take a central role in applied research projects in the field of AI for intelligent maintenance systems.
 You will develop innovative approaches using state of the art statistical, machine learning and deep learning methods and publish your outcomes in sc
ientific papers. You will develop and implement data-driven algorithms for detection, diagnostics and prognostics of incipient failures in industrial 
assets and infrastructures. You will combine engineering knowledge with data-science techniques (physics-informed machine learning). You will closely 
collaborate with our industry partners in order to implement your algorithms in the operational environment. You will have a chance to work on project
s in diverse application fields with various industry partners. The focus of your work will be on algorithm research and development, with relatively 
little data management/engineering. You will have the opportunity to co-supervise student research projects. You will be supported by experienced coll
eagues from the team in order to further develop your technical and scientific skills. Your daily work will typically allow for a high level of flexib
ility and freedom. You have a master degree in engineering, physics, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics or a related discipline. Altern
atively, you have a bachelor degree in one of the above with practical experience in applied data science projects. You have programming experience in
 Python. Experience with TensorFlow and Keras/PyTorch is an advantage. You have experience with applying data analytical and machine learning methods.
 Experience with deep leaning algorithms is advantageous. You have high oral and written communication skills in English and preferably also in German
. You are curious to learn and develop new methods and algorithms and apply them in real industrial systems. You are motivated to develop your persona
l research skills, coached by experienced researchers.  We encourage applications from proactive and self-motivated candidates with analytical thinkin
g and strong problem-solving passion and abilities, good communication skills and original thinking. Zurich University of Applied Sciences ZHAW is one
 of Switzerland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 faculty and staff. ZHAW is committed
 to gender-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation. In order to increase the proportion of women in management 
positions, applications from women are particularly welcome. The Institute of Data Analysis and Process Design (IDP) is a center of competence for the
 development and application of quantitative methods in the areas of data analysis and operations research. The Smart Maintenance Team of the IDP deve
lops innovative solutions for intelligent condition monitoring, fault detection, diagnostics and prognostics of technical equipment. In our team you w
ill enjoy an exciting and rewarding working environment, combining close industrial collaboration with multidisciplinary innovative research. The posi
tion is limited to one year but may be extended, up to a maximal period of three years. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingung
en an und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der W
ebseite «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Lilach Goren Huber Research Associate Smart Maintenance Jasmin Strobel Recru
iting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant and PhD Student in “Marketing Analytics/ Quantitative Marketing" - Vacancies - University of LucerneUniversität LuzernBewerbenJob m
erkenVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuzernResearch Assistant and PhD Student in “Marketing Analytics/ Quantit
ative Marketing" - Vacancies - University of LucerneOffene Stellen The Faculty of Economics and Management opened its doors in the autumn semester of 
2016. Exceptional supervision of students, interactive forms of teaching, close links between academia and practice, a focus on current issues in poli
tical economics, management and data sciences, and a young, motivated team all give this faculty a unique profile. Research Assistant and PhD Student 
in “Marketing Analytics/Quantitative Marketing" Are you interested in marketing, digitalization, social media and scientific work? Do you want to rese
arch cutting-edge topics at the intersection of marketing theory and practice and generate new knowledge? Are you excited about the insights that firm
s can get from analysing structured and unstructured data? Then we are your perfect fit! We are a young and highly motivated team (chair: Prof. Dr. Le
if Brandes) with a main research focus on quantitative marketing. We undertake a variety of ambitious research projects in cooperation with top intern
ational universities (e.g., John Hopkins University or Oxford University). Responsibilities  You will be part of a recently funded scientific project 
from the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) in the field of consumer online reviews. Your key task is to conduct empirical research related to t
he field of this project. Other tasks include general scientific and administrative activities related to your position at the University of Lucerne. 
 Requirements  An above-average degree in machine learning, or data science. Excellent data analysis skills (deep learning, in particular text and ima
ge classification skills) Strong interest and passion for scientific questions related to marketing and marketing analytics. A high level of personal 
initiative and goal orientation Excellent command of written and spoken English (speaking German is a plus, but not a strong requirement) A strong att
ention to detail and high-quality focus  What we offer  A dissertation in marketing/ management and economics (title: Dr. oec.) Scientific work in coo
peration with international research partners A cooperative working atmosphere in a small, but highly motivated research team Continued education in q
uantitative methodology (e.g., at the St. Gallen Summer School, GSERM) Position funding and salary according to the regulations of the Swiss National 
Science Foundation (SNSF). KontaktUniversität Luzern(7)9 Jobshttps://www.unilu.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Studienleiter:in «Artificial Intelligence in Software Engineering»Fachhochschule GraubündenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ChurStudienleiter:in «Artificial Intelligence in Software Engineering»Als agile Hochschule setzt die Fachhochschule Graub
ünden auf dynamisches Denken und proaktives Handeln. Wir bilden über 2300 Studierende zu hochqualifizierten und verantwortungsvollen Persönlichkeiten 
aus. Unsere Lehre und Forschung sind interdisziplinär und orientieren sich an praktischen Herausforderungen in Wirtschaft und Gesellschaft. Als Arbeit
geberin fördern wir die Chancengleichheit und Vielfalt. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams am Institut für Data Analysis, Artificial Intelligence, Visualiz
ation, and Simulation (DAViS) suchen wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine:n Studienleiter:in «Artificial Intelligence in Software Engineering» D
ozentin / Dozent (80 - 100 %) In dieser spannenden Funktion sind Sie massgeblich daran beteiligt, unser neues Bachelorstudienangebot «Artificial Intel
ligence in Software Engineering» aufzubauen und weiterzuentwickeln. Sie tragen die Verantwortung für sämtliche Aspekte des Studienbetriebs, von der in
haltlichen Gestaltung über die didaktische Entwicklung bis hin zur strategischen Vermarktung. Zudem übernehmen Sie Aufgaben in der Qualitätssicherung 
sowie die finanzielle Führung des Studienganges. Als Ansprechpartner:in für unsere zukünftigen Studierenden, begleiten Sie diese gemeinsam mit Ihrem T
eam von Studienbeginn bis Studienabschluss. Zudem engagieren Sie sich in der Lehre und partizipieren in angewandten Forschungs- und Dienstleistungspro
jekten. Ihr Profil  Masterstudium oder äquivalent in Informatik oder Künstlicher Intelligenz (Promotion wünschenswert) Erfahrung in der Hochschullehre
 Berufserfahrung im Bereich Software Engineering und Kenntnisse im Bereich künstlicher Intelligenz Unternehmerische Persönlichkeit mit Führungserfahru
ng und einem aktiven Beziehungsnetzwerk Freude an der Vermittlung von Wissen an junge Erwachsene Verhandlungssicher in Deutsch  Wir begeistern Sie mit
  Unserem dynamischen Teamspirit und unserer offenen Unternehmenskultur Jährlich drei Wochen Zeitguthaben für die fachliche Weiterbildung Unserer Unte
rstützung in der persönlichen Weiterentwicklung Der Möglichkeit, bei Erfüllung der Kriterien den Professorentitel zu erwerben Modernen Anstellungsbedi
ngungen und vielen Sport- und Kulturangeboten  Gerne möchten wir Ihnen die Möglichkeit bieten, sich vor der Bewerbung in einem informellen Gespräch un
verbindlich über diese Position und unsere Fachhochschule zu informieren. Dabei können wir Ihre Fragen klären und gemeinsam herausfinden, ob wir zuein
ander passen. Für Auskünfte steht Ihnen Prof. Corsin Capol, Studienleiter Computational and Data Science, gerne zur Verfügung: Telefon +41 81 286 37 6
3 oder E-Mail schreiben. Für Auskünfte steht Ihnen Prof. Corsin Capol, Studienleiter Computational and Data Science, gerne zur Verfügung: Telefon +41 
81 286 37 63 oder E-Mail schreiben.KontaktFachhochschule Graubünden(0)8 Jobshttps://www.fhgr.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Traineeprogramm Data & Analytics Flughafen Zürich AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:PraktikumSprach
e:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Flughafen ZürichStart ab August / September 2024  Das Traineeangebot Data & Analytics ermöglicht dir einen Beruf
seinstieg nach deinem Studium und verbindet deine Faszination für Daten mit dem internationalen Umfeld Flughafen. Als Trainee bekommst du während 18 b
is 24 Monaten Einblicke in die Fachbereiche Data Science, Data Engineering oder Business Analytics. Du bringst dein Wissen und Know-how im Team Data &
 Analytics Competence Center ein und begleitest Use Cases von der Konzeption über das Prototyping bis hin zur produktiven Entwicklung auf der Cloud ba
sierten Datenplattform. Für deine persönliche Weiterentwicklung nimmst du an abwechslungsreichen Meetings und internen Workshops teil. Der Austausch u
nd Kontakt mit Mitarbeitenden, Praktikanten und Trainees aus verschiedenen Unternehmensbereichen und Fachabteilungen ermöglichen dir zudem den Aufbau 
eines umfassenden Firmennetzwerks.   Deine Jobdestination   Du unterstützt die Business Owner bei der Erhebung von Use Cases sowie das Data Governance
 Core Team in der Erarbeitung von Konzepten Mittels explorativer Datenanalyse erarbeitest du Entscheidungs- und Implementierungsgrundlagen Im Rahmen v
on Proof of Concepts erstellst du anhand von Prototypen logische und visualisierte Grundlagen für die Realisierung Du entwickelst in PowerBI interakti
ve Reporting Produkte für unsere Geschäftsbereicheund mittels Azure Data Factory sowie Databricks Data Pipelines für die nachgelagerte Datennutzung   
Deine Skills im Gepäck   Deinen Master- oder Bachelorabschluss in Informatik oder Data Science hast du erfolgreich abgeschlossen Sowohl statistische D
atenanalyse als auch Machine Learning gehören zu deinen Stärken Du hast erste Projekte in Python umgesetzt und bereits Erfahrungen auf Cloud Technolog
ien wie Microsoft Azure gesammelt - zudem willst du deine Kenntnisse in der Softwareentwicklung gewinnbringend einsetzen Dank deiner analytischen und 
konzeptionellen Fähigkeiten kannst du anspruchsvolle Lösungen entwickeln und zu Papier bringen Du bist eine überzeugende Persönlichkeit mit hoher Eige
ninitiative und hast die Fähigkeit, zielgruppenorientiert zu kommunizieren und zu präsentieren Stilsicheres Verfassen von Texten und Präsentationen so
wie sehr gute schriftliche und mündliche Kenntnisse in Deutsch (Muttersprache) und Englisch, runden dein Profil ab   Deine Benefits   Flexibel anreise
n Gratis ZVV-Bonuspass, GA-Beteiligung und Parkplatzmöglichkeiten  Günstig Essen & Shoppen Bis zu 20% in Shops und Restaurants am Flughafen und 50% au
f Reka-Lunch-Karte  Raum für deine Bedürfnisse 5 Wochen Ferien, easy 30 Ferientage kaufen und Möglichkeiten auf längeren unbezahlten Urlaub  Gemeinsam
 feiern Grosszügige Dienstaltersgeschenke ab dem ersten Jahr und legendäre Mitarbeitenden-Events  Auspowern & runterfahren Eigenes kostenloses Sportan
gebot vom Basketball bis zum Yoga. Vergünstigtes Fitnessabo am Flughafen  Für den Fall der Fälle Prämien NBU und KTG übernehmen wir, Rabatt auf Kollek
tivversicherung und bei Unfall privatversichert  Bodenständig & Familiär Wir sind alle per Du und leben einen positiven und unkomplizierten Umgang mit
einander  Beruflich abheben Finanzielle und zeitliche Unterstützung für Weiterbildungen, internes Seminar- und Lernangebot (FZAG-Academy)  Vielseitige
 Arbeitsumgebung Einzigartiger Ausblick vom Büro und/oder Homeoffice, Remotemöglichkeit, flexible Arbeitszeiten und eine 42-Stunden-Woche  Kontakt Car
oline ZikaHead Vocational Training & Young Prof."Ich begleite dich auf deiner Bewerbungsreise und beantworte deine Fragen dazu gerne."+41 43 816 55 00
 David HangartnerTeamleader Data & Analytics Competence Center"Hast du Fragen zu deiner neuen Jobdestination? Dann bist du bei mir genau richtig."+41 
43 816 77 86  KontaktFlughafen Zürich AG(21)14 Jobshttps://www.flughafen-zuerich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Engineer 80-100% (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungLohn:CHF
 90 000 - 115 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:8006 Zürich  Die Finanzdienstleistungseinheit der Firma ist eine in
ternationale Organisation, die sich auf wichtige Finanzdienstleistungskategorien wie Bankwesen, Kapitalmärkte, Versicherungen, Zahlungen und Karten, V
ermögens- und Assetmanagement sowie Risikomanagement und Compliance konzentriert. Neben diesen Bereichen hat die Organisation weltweit Praktiken, die 
sich darauf verpflichten, neue Lösungen in den Bereichen Business Information Management, Finanztransformation, Technologieentwicklung und -integratio
n sowie Testing zu liefern.    Deine Aufgaben:   Erfassen und Übersetzen von Geschäftsanforderungen in technische Spezifikationen Erstellen von Datenf
lüssen, Datenmodellen, Datenspeichern und Datensätzen sowie Mapping-Regeln und Zugriffmechanismen Entwickeln und Pflegen von Echtzeit-Datapipelines En
twickeln und Betreiben von hochverfügbaren, verteilten Datenextraktions-, Aufnahme- und Verarbeitungssystemen für grosse Datenmengen Erstellen, Testen
 und Lösen von technischen Problemen   Dein Profil:   Bachelor-Abschluss in Data Science, Business Intelligence, Informatik oder verwandten Fächern So
lide Expertise in mindestens drei der folgenden Technologien erforderlich: Big Data, Python, R, Scala, Excel, Bash Scripting, Clojure, HTML5, Spark, A
zure, AWS Nachweisbare Erfahrung von mindestens 3 Jahren Erfahrung im Banking, Risikomanagement oder Finanzdienstleistungen von Vorteil Fliessende Spr
achkenntnisse in Englisch und Deutsch   Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Architect (Krakow, Poland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:KrakówCloud Archite
ct (Krakow, Poland) Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company dedicated to solv
ing complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with some of the bigge
st organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&D. Since our fo
undation, we have successfully delivered more than 135 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office locations. Unit8’s mission
 is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transformation. Among its activiti
es, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono and “engineering f
or good” causes. You can learn more about what we are passionate about at Unit8 Talks and on our website you can find more useful information about ou
r business and recruiting process.   These are some examples of projects that we have been working on   Building a real-time production line monitorin
g system for the pharmaceutical industry in order to improve the throughput of the production processes for the Pharmaceutical Industry. Technologies:
 AWS, EKS, CloudFormation, Docker, Python Building system for calculating and delivering global climate scores i.e. estimating the impact of climate c
hange on the risk of natural disasters (i.e. floods, wildfires & droughts) for the Insurance Industry. Technologies: PySpark, Python, Proprietary Data
 Processing Platform Building a modern data science platform including a data lake for Chemical Industry. Technologies: Azure, ML Studio, Data Factory
, Databricks, Spark     Are You the team member we are looking for? Unit8 is looking for a Cloud Architect to join our team in Krakow. You will be par
t of diverse project teams and will partner with our engineers and data scientists to deliver cloud solutions for our clients.   You have strong hands
-on experience with cloud architecture design and implementation on one of the following platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP. You have experience with cloud mi
gration, hybrid environments, and cloud security best practices. You have a solid technical background and engineering experience with conceptualising
, strategising, and architecting cloud solutions. Prior experience with consulting and building solutions for enterprise customers is a plus. You are 
passionate about your Data and Analytics domain and like to introduce new improvements that make sense and are pragmatic for the end-users, helping th
em to derive value out of their data. You are outcome-focused and you have a customer-service-oriented mindset.  Your are open to tackle new areas and
 challenges like designing and building novel AI & Data Science stacks or setting up MLOps infrastructure You have strong client-facing skills: comfor
table interacting with clients (business & technical audience), delivering presentations, problem-solving mindset.   You are eligible to register as a
 sole trader (self-employment) in Poland.     What You'll do  At Unit8 we build a wide range of applications for our clients in various industries, as
 well as internal tools, each with their own set of challenges. In general, you will:  Design, propose, build and maintain Data & Cloud architectures 
in close collaboration with the key stakeholders. Specifically, you will tackle challenges related to modern Data & AI cloud-native stacks. Be a trust
ed advisor to our enterprise business customers and their CIO/CTO/CDO/Head of Platform functions.  Participate in customer meetings, and visit the cli
ents on-site when needed, to discuss the specific solutions you’re designing and implementing Audit cloud architectures in terms of functionality and 
security gaps as well as suggesting and following through on improvements.    What we offer    Opportunity to shape the expansion of one of the leadin
g Swiss data & AI consultancies  Compensation package including base salary, yearly bonus based on the both individual + company performance Above the
 norm flexibility regarding when and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met Work on cutting-edge data, AI & analy
tics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries Dedicated time and budget for training and pro-bono projects 30 paid days of
f Private health care and Multisport Cross offices/company-wide frequent events (off-site or online) as well as quarterly budget to spend with the tea
m on after-work activities KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technical Engagement Lead (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zü
richTechnical Engagement Lead (Zurich, Switzerland) HybridZürich, Zurich, SwitzerlandEngineeringFull time OverviewApplicationShare this job SVGs not s
upported by this browser. Description  Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services compan
y dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work wit
h some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing o
r R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 135 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office locatio
ns. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transformation.
 Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono
 and “engineering for good” causes. You can learn more about what we are passionate about at Unit8 Talks and on our website you can find more useful i
nformation about our business and recruiting process.   These are some examples of projects that we have been working on Building a real-time producti
on line monitoring system for the pharmaceutical industry in order to improve the throughput of the production processes for the Pharmaceutical Indust
ry. Technologies: AWS, EKS, CloudFormation, Docker, Python Building system for calculating and delivering global climate scores i.e. estimating the im
pact of climate change on the risk of natural disasters (i.e. floods, wildfires & droughts) for the Insurance Industry. Technologies: PySpark, Python,
 Proprietary Data Processing Platform Building a modern data science platform including a data lake for Chemical Industry. Technologies: Azure, ML Stu
dio, Data Factory, Databricks, Spark Requirements  Are You the team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Technical Engagement Lead to su
pport our new engagements. You will be responsible for collaboration closely with our clients to help them achieve their goals. You will be representi
ng and working with our engineering team to deliver products and solutions.  Why this role You want to be responsible for the success of the projects 
and fostering great relationship with our clients. You want to have impact on critical parts of client's industry by solving real business problems. Y
ou are a client-oriented person and enjoy both working with people, as well as solving technical problems. You want to work with a team of world-class
 engineers. What You’ll Do Work with the clients to understand, decompose and help solve their problems using data engineering. Maintain high-quality 
relationships with the key stakeholders. Advise clients on the technical solutions and explain different tradeoffs. Implement solutions together with 
an engineering team. Present work to stakeholders and top management. Help scope and draft proposals for new engagements. Opportunities you can take a
dvantage of High-trust working environment & merit-based decision making A high degree of independence and large space for growing responsibilities an
d shaping the young company Exposure to client-facing roles and real word challenges from day one Who You Are You have a proven track record of delive
ring Data solutions in a production environment. You have a minimum 5+ years of work experience, experience in the consulting industry will be a plus.
 You have experience in working with clients to understand, decompose and help solve their problems and challenges You have expertise in one or more o
f the following fields: Data engineering, Data warehousing, System Architecture, Cloud architecture, Software Engineering, Data Science. You have hand
s-on programming experience with one of the following: Python, Java, C++, C#, Scala. Prior experience leading teams. You are familiar with and enjoy w
orking in an agile environment. You have strong communication and interpersonal skills. Benefits  What we offer Work on client projects that have a co
ncrete impact on their business. Exposure to a wide variety of projects, industries, and technologies. Each client is different Ability to contribute 
to internal open-source projects like Darts (https://github.com/unit8co/darts) or building our own MLOps platform. Tailor-made mentorship programme. L
earning activities such as ML and Engineering Knowledge Sharing Groups. up to 10% of paid time for self-development. Opportunity to join a fast-growin
g service company with a start-up atmosphere. Work with an international team made of more than 15 nationalities. Cross offices/company-wide frequent 
events (off-site or on-line). Fun Fund to spend with the team on after-work activities. Compensation package including base salary and profit sharing 
based on the performance of the company 30 paid days off. Apply for this job KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Cloud Architect (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichCloud Ar
chitect (Zurich, Switzerland)   Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company dedic
ated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with some 
of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&D. 
Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 135 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office locations. Uni
t8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transformation. Among 
its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono and “e
ngineering for good” causes. You can learn more about what we are passionate about at Unit8 Talks and on our website you can find more useful informat
ion about our business and recruiting process.   These are some examples of projects that we have been working on   Building a real-time production li
ne monitoring system for the pharmaceutical industry in order to improve the throughput of the production processes for the Pharmaceutical Industry. T
echnologies: AWS, EKS, CloudFormation, Docker, Python Building system for calculating and delivering global climate scores i.e. estimating the impact 
of climate change on the risk of natural disasters (i.e. floods, wildfires & droughts) for the Insurance Industry. Technologies: PySpark, Python, Prop
rietary Data Processing Platform Building a modern data science platform including a data lake for Chemical Industry. Technologies: Azure, ML Studio, 
Data Factory, Databricks, Spark   Are You the team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Cloud Architect to join our team in Zurich. You 
will be part of diverse project teams and will partner with our engineers and data scientists to deliver cloud solutions for our clients.   You have s
trong hands-on experience with cloud architecture design and implementation on one of the following platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP. You have experience wi
th cloud migration, hybrid environments, and cloud security best practices. You have a solid technical background and engineering experience with conc
eptualising, strategising, and architecting cloud solutions. Prior experience with consulting and building solutions for enterprise customers is a plu
s. You are passionate about your Data and Analytics domain and like to introduce new improvements that make sense and are pragmatic for the end-users,
 helping them to derive value out of their data. You are outcome-focused and you have a customer-service-oriented mindset.  Your are open to tackle ne
w areas and challenges like designing and building novel AI & Data Science stacks or setting up MLOps infrastructure You have strong client-facing ski
lls: comfortable interacting with clients (business & technical audience), delivering presentations, problem-solving mindset.     What You'll do  At U
nit8 we build a wide range of applications for our clients in various industries, as well as internal tools, each with their own set of challenges. In
 general, you will:  Design, propose, build and maintain Data & Cloud architectures in close collaboration with the key stakeholders. Specifically, yo
u will tackle challenges related to modern Data & AI cloud-native stacks. Be a trusted advisor to our enterprise business customers and their CIO/CTO/
CDO/Head of Platform functions.  Participate in customer meetings, and visit the clients on-site when needed, to discuss the specific solutions you’re
 designing and implementing Audit cloud architectures in terms of functionality and security gaps as well as suggesting and following through on impro
vements.   Present work to stakeholders and top management. Help scope and draft proposals for new engagements.     Opportunities you can take advanta
ge of   High-trust working environment & merit-based decision making  A high degree of independence and large space for growing responsibilities and s
haping the young company  Exposure to client-facing roles and real word challenges from day one   What we offer   Work on client projects that have a 
concrete impact on their business. Exposure to a wide variety of projects, industries, and technologies. Each client is different  Ability to contribu
te to internal open-source projects like Darts (https://github.com/unit8co/darts) or building our own MLOps platform. Tailor-made mentorship programme
. Learning activities such as ML and Engineering Knowledge Sharing Groups.  10% of paid time for self-development. Opportunity to join a fast-growing 
service company with a start-up atmosphere. Work with an international team made of more than 15 nationalities.  Cross offices/company-wide frequent e
vents (off-site or on-line).  Fun Fund to spend with the team on after-work activities.  Compensation package including base salary and profit sharing
 based on the performance of the company 30 paid days off. KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Architect (Lausanne, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneClou
d Architect (Lausanne, Switzerland)   Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company
 dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with
 some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or
 R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 135 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office location
s. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transformation. 
Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono 
and “engineering for good” causes. You can learn more about what we are passionate about at Unit8 Talks and on our website you can find more useful in
formation about our business and recruiting process.   These are some examples of projects that we have been working on   Building a real-time product
ion line monitoring system for the pharmaceutical industry in order to improve the throughput of the production processes for the Pharmaceutical Indus
try. Technologies: AWS, EKS, CloudFormation, Docker, Python Building system for calculating and delivering global climate scores i.e. estimating the i
mpact of climate change on the risk of natural disasters (i.e. floods, wildfires & droughts) for the Insurance Industry. Technologies: PySpark, Python
, Proprietary Data Processing Platform Building a modern data science platform including a data lake for Chemical Industry. Technologies: Azure, ML St
udio, Data Factory, Databricks, Spark   Are You the team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Cloud Architect to join our team in Lausan
ne. You will be part of diverse project teams and will partner with our engineers and data scientists to deliver cloud solutions for our clients.   Yo
u have strong hands-on experience with cloud architecture design and implementation on one of the following platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP. You have exper
ience with cloud migration, hybrid environments, and cloud security best practices. You have a solid technical background and engineering experience w
ith conceptualising, strategising, and architecting cloud solutions. Prior experience with consulting and building solutions for enterprise customers 
is a plus. You are passionate about your Data and Analytics domain and like to introduce new improvements that make sense and are pragmatic for the en
d-users, helping them to derive value out of their data. You are outcome-focused and you have a customer-service-oriented mindset.  Your are open to t
ackle new areas and challenges like designing and building novel AI & Data Science stacks or setting up MLOps infrastructure You have strong client-fa
cing skills: comfortable interacting with clients (business & technical audience), delivering presentations, problem-solving mindset.     What You'll 
do  At Unit8 we build a wide range of applications for our clients in various industries, as well as internal tools, each with their own set of challe
nges. In general, you will:  Design, propose, build and maintain Data & Cloud architectures in close collaboration with the key stakeholders. Specific
ally, you will tackle challenges related to modern Data & AI cloud-native stacks. Be a trusted advisor to our enterprise business customers and their 
CIO/CTO/CDO/Head of Platform functions.  Participate in customer meetings, and visit the clients on-site when needed, to discuss the specific solution
s you’re designing and implementing Audit cloud architectures in terms of functionality and security gaps as well as suggesting and following through 
on improvements.   Present work to stakeholders and top management. Help scope and draft proposals for new engagements.     Opportunities you can take
 advantage of   High-trust working environment & merit-based decision making  A high degree of independence and large space for growing responsibiliti
es and shaping the young company  Exposure to client-facing roles and real word challenges from day one   What we offer   Work on client projects that
 have a concrete impact on their business. Exposure to a wide variety of projects, industries, and technologies. Each client is different  Ability to 
contribute to internal open-source projects like Darts (https://github.com/unit8co/darts) or building our own MLOps platform. Tailor-made mentorship p
rogramme. Learning activities such as ML and Engineering Knowledge Sharing Groups.  10% of paid time for self-development. Opportunity to join a fast-
growing service company with a start-up atmosphere. Work with an international team made of more than 15 nationalities.  Cross offices/company-wide fr
equent events (off-site or on-line).  Fun Fund to spend with the team on after-work activities.  Compensation package including base salary and profit
 sharing based on the performance of the company 30 paid days off. KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Career Starter Train Maintenance (m/w/d) SBB CFF FFSBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:06 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungS
prache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Französisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Bern  Das kannst du bewegen.   Das Programm startet jeweils im September und dauert - je
 nach Beschäftigungsgrad - zwischen 12 und 18 Monaten. Du sammelst in drei unterschiedlichen Förderstellen Erfahrungen entlang des gesamten Instandhal
tungsprozesses und wendest das erworbene Wissen direkt an. Parallel dazu durchläufst du unser Einführungsprogramm erhältst ein persönliches Coaching u
nd wirst so "on the job" optimal auf deine nächsten Karriereschritte bei der SBB vorbereitet.  Im Rahmen des Career Starter Programms übernimmst du di
e Verantwortung für Aufgaben und Teilprojekte an einem unserer 15 Standorte und lernst so die Herausforderungen einer Instandhaltung kennen, die volls
tändig in den laufenden Bahnbetrieb integriert ist.  Durch die wechselnden Förderstellen, das Mentoring und die diversen Anlässe baust du dir ein SBB-
weites Netzwerk auf, das dir nach dem Programm als solide Basis für dein Durchstarten bei der SBB dient.   Das bringst du mit.   Eine rasche Auffassun
gsgabe und eine hohe Lernbereitschaft. Deine konzeptionellen Fähigkeiten sowie deine strukturierte Art unterstützen dich in der Umsetzung von Lösungen
.  Grosses Interesse, gelegentlich in der Werkstatt am Fahrzeug zu arbeiten und eine allgemeine Faszination für Mobilität. Ein abgeschlossenes Hochsch
ulstudium (Höhere Fachschule, Fachhochschule oder Universität) in einem der folgenden Bereiche: Elektrotechnik, Mechatronik, Automatisierung/Automatik
, Systemtechnik, Informationstechnologie/Data Science oder Maschinenbau. Du sprichst fliessend Deutsch und/oder Französisch und bringst gute Kenntniss
e (mind. B1) in der jeweils anderen Landessprache mit oder bist bereit, dein Sprachniveau zu verbessern.         KontaktSBB CFF FFS(32)244 Jobshttps:/
/company.sbb.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data EngineerThe Capital Markets Company SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZurichData E
ngineerABOUT CAPCO Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinkin
g with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery a
nd managed services to move their organizations forward. We specialize primarily in banking & payments, capital markets, wealth & asset management and
 insurance We have a collaborative and efficient approach We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory chan
ge, reduce costs and enhance controls We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific If creativity and innovation 
are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and suppor
t you to help accelerate your career. YOUR CAPCO DAY Develop innovative frameworks to automate data pipeline testing Experience on data Platforms base
d on  (for example: data lakes, data meshes, data streaming, Data Pipelines, Big Data Platform ,ELT/ETL ...) Data Migration experience from in-Prem to
 cloud CI/CD for Execution, Deployments and continuously implement of features, Image pushing Develop data pipelines solutions to automate the platfor
m performance monitoring, system issues, incidents, and alerting mechanisms Exp. In working in agile and DevSecOps approaches Exposure to digital engi
neering, cloud ecosystem and In-Prem big Data solutions and enterprise security Responsible of building or designing distributed large-scale, fault-to
lerant systems Experience with on-prem Big Data architecture, cloud migration experience might come handy latest industry developments and technology 
trends awareness to design new features/capabilities YOUR CAPCO-FIT Integration of streaming and file-based data ingestion / consumption (Kafka, Contr
ol M, AWA) Experience in DevOps, data pipeline development, and automation using Jenkins and Octopus (optional: Ansible, Chef, XL Release, and XL Depl
oy) Hands-on experience in any of Cloudera Data Science Workbench, Pyspark, AWS Sagemaker Supporting all analytical value streams from enterprise repo
rting (e.g. Tableau) to data science (incl. ML Ops) In-depth knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem, Kafka, Kubernetes, Docker, Spark Exp. in Python /Java /Sca
la/R Shell scripting, Django templates, firewall config rules setup VM and Kubernetes (pods) setup, managing and scaling pods Experience using seriali
zed data formats Exp. In working of agile project management/SAFe Knowledge of Banking/financial sector and its products Excellent communication skill
s in English and German WHY CAPCO? A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks,
 transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through t
o technology implementation. We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging Fi
nTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engi
neering. Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no interna
l silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opport
unity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and in
clusive culture, where everyone can #BYAW. We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphon
e & fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. READY TO TAKE THE NEXT 
STEPS? If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful comp
any with a significant growth trajectory. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


System Administrator (Intern)Sophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleSystem Ad
ministrator (Intern)Would you like to be part of a dynamic and exciting Technology Team delivering having a direct impact on the lives of cancer and r
are disease patients worldwide? Join our growing team and use your technical and interpersonal skills to help us deliver on our mission of democratizi
ng Data-Driven Medicine. Our products are used by 750+ healthcare institutions globally and provide world-leading capabilities for the analysis of gen
omic, clinical, and imaging data.    We are looking for a System Administrator (Intern), Corporate IT within the Technology Operations team.  Location
: Rolle, Switzerland  Start date: 2024 June 1st (or earlier, depending on availability)   Duration: 6 months   Schedule:  Full time (40 hours/week)   
  What You Will Learn:    How Project management is done using JIRA to track and organize tasks, issues, and workflows.  How Agile development methodo
logies are used to deliver high-quality software quickly and efficiently.  Collaboration with cross-functional teams to achieve common goals and objec
tives.  Best practices for JIRA administration to improve efficiency and productivity.      Project Description:   Complete a six-month internship to 
contribute to on an innovative project involving business analysis and project coordination for the migration of JIRA software development projects us
ed by our Data Science team.  You will have the opportunity to learn and master the most popular JIRA software development tool and work on a redesign
 and migration project.   Working closely with our team, you will be driving the migration, contributing to a project that is vital for the daily acti
vities of the key data science team in the company.     Other Activities:   In addition to your primary project, engage in diverse activities to enric
h your experience:   Contribute to brainstorming sessions for other innovative projects including implementation of a subscription management solution
  Collaborate with infrastructure services and other teams across the organization  Develop your critical reasoning for system refactoring, solution a
rchitecture, modularization and implementation.    Requirements   Your Profile:   A completed Bachelor in Computer Science or similar field degree.  H
as a solid understanding of software development process.  Has capability to quickly understand a platform and learn to administer it and manage the t
ools around it   Communicates effectively in English (spoken and written) and excels in teamwork and collaboration.  Valid working permit (including s
tudent working permit)  Displays a keen interest in software development methodology and impacting     Benefits   Application Process:   Our internshi
p hiring process involves submitting your application – CV and cover letter are required, diplomas and recommendations are a plus. You will be invited
 to an initial interview to assess your qualifications, and a second-round interview with your Manager. This interview may include a practical task to
 evaluate your skills.   We prioritize efficiency and transparency, aiming to identify individuals who align with our project needs and contribute eff
ectively to our team.     If you come across a role that intrigues you but doesn’t perfectly line up with your resume, we encourage you to apply anywa
y. You could be one step away from work that will transform your life and career. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:ZürichPraktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)We are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Manage
ment team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the dev
elopment of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate closely with exp
erienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.  Praktikant Machi
ne Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)    Das bieten wir   Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and impl
ement machine learning and AI features for our products. Contribute to the development of AI-driven solutions by utilizing data science and machine le
arning techniques. Assist in creating and maintaining advanced Python-based code for product development. Participate in the planning and execution of
 software development projects, adhering to agile methodologies. Explore and implement LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases to enhance produc
t capabilities. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services into our product ecosystem. Collaborate in the co
mplete software product development lifecycle, from ideation to deployment. Contribute to product documentation, training materials, and knowledge sha
ring within the team     Deine Stärken   Bachelor's degree (or candidate) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field. Experienc
e in data science and machine learning. Solid skills in Python programming. Experience with at least one of the following programming languages: C, C#
, C++, Java. Knowledge of LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases. Fluent English communication skills, both written and verbal, German is a plu
s Familiarity with Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services Understanding of the agile software product development lifecycle Strong problem-solving ski
lls and ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment   Anstellungsbedingungen und Vergütung  Marktorientiertes Ausbildungssalär Zwi
schen 25 und 27 Ferientage Überdurchschnittliche Leistungen bei Unfall und Krankheit  Flexibilität Flexible Arbeitszeit Mobile Office  Entwicklungsmög
lichkeiten Individuelle Besprechungen und Begleitung Internes Weiterbildungsangebot Elektronische Lernplattform  Vorsorge und Sozialleistungen Vergüns
tigungen Vorzugskonditionen bei verschiedenen Partnerunternehmen Bis zu 35% Vergünstigung für öffentliche Verkehrsmittel Essenspauschale Reka-Checks  
Familie Gesundheit Veranstaltungen und Kurse Gesundes und ausgewogenes Ernährungsangebot im betriebseigenen Restaurant Physiotherapie und Massageangeb
ot Betrieblich unterstütztes Sportangebot Inhouse-Beratung für physische und psychische Gesundheit bei Bedarf     Dein Kontakt Linda Fackelmayer   Übe
r Swiss Life We are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Management team with a focus on Machine Learning &
 AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the development of AI-driven services, and gain han
ds-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate closely with experienced professionals, participate in cross
-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ue
ber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning EngineerAlohi SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Oktober 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Plan-les-OuatesMachine Le
arning EngineerAlohi SA, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, brings together a team of highly competent engineers that focus on merging state-of-the
-art technologies with compelling user experience to simplify and enhance life for companies and people worldwide. The company provides SIGN.PLUS (a l
egally binding electronic signature) and FAX.PLUS (online faxing) services to over 3,000,000 customers worldwide. At Alohi, we began our journey with 
an initial seed investment from Fongit “Fondation Genevoise pour l’Innovation Technologique” which is backed by the state of Geneva. But instead of re
lying on external funding to fuel our growth, we’ve chosen to bootstrap our way to success. This approach has allowed us to prioritize our customers a
nd build products that truly meet their needs, without being beholden to outside investors. By remaining financially independent, we’ve been able to m
aintain our autonomy and agility, which have been key factors in our ability to innovate and stay ahead of the curve. As a Machine Learning Engineer a
t Alohi, you will play a crucial role in developing and deploying machine learning models and algorithms for our applications that serve millions of u
sers worldwide. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, build, and optimize machine learning models. You w
ill work closely with software engineers, and product managers to understand requirements and translate them into efficient and scalable solutions. Ad
ditionally, you will be responsible for evaluating and selecting suitable machine-learning techniques and algorithms to solve complex business problem
s. Responsibilities Design and implement machine learning models and algorithms. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and un
derstand business needs. Collect, preprocess, and analyze large datasets to generate insights. Apply statistical techniques and data visualization to 
interpret model outputs. Optimize and fine-tune machine learning models for better performance. Develop and maintain documentation for machine learnin
g models and algorithms. Stay updated with the latest advancements in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Bachelor's degree in computer scie
nce, data science, or a related field. Strong programming skills in Python, including libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Proficient in SQL with 
the ability to write complex queries and interact with databases. Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, including supervised and unsuper
vised learning. Solid understanding of OCR, image processing. Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and data wrangling. Knowledge o
f statistical analysis and hypothesis testing. Excellent problem-solving skills, and a "getting things done" mindset. Strong communication and teamwor
k abilities. Ability to work independently and meet project deadlines. Advanced degree in computer science or data science is a plus. Experience with 
big data processing frameworks, such as Spark or Hadoop, is a plus. Publications or contributions to the machine learning community is a plus. Profici
ency in data visualization tools like Matplotlib or Tableau is a plus. KontaktAlohi SA(0)11 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


IT-Architekt (m/w/d) & Technical Product Owner (m/w/d) mit KI-FokusSBI - International Innovation Group AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024
Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ArlesheimIT-Architekt (m/w/d) & Technical Product Owner (m/w/d) mit KI-FokusUnsere innovativen IT-Produkte
 brauchen Führung, Pflege & ständig neue Impulse. Klingt das spannend für Dich? Wir sind stark wachsende Software-Unternehmen in der Schweiz & in Deut
schland mit über 40 Jahren Erfahrung in der Digitalisierung & suchen ab sofort Dich als neues kreatives & motiviertes Teammitglied. Wir sind offen für
 alle Menschen, die sich einbringen & weiterentwickeln wollen, und für jede Art der Anstellung. Unsere Werte & Visionen:  Kundenorientierung – Durch u
nsere geballten Erfahrungen schreiben wir DIENSTLEISTUNG besonders gross. Und Menschlichkeit & authentisches Auftreten sind für uns der Kern einer erf
olgreichen Geschäftstätigkeit. Nachhaltigkeit – Digitalisierung als Schlüssel zum Klimaschutz, zur Erhaltung & Einsparung natürlicher Ressourcen, zum 
Erreichen der CO2-Neutralität & zur Verbesserung der Lebensqualität & Gesundheit aller – Nur mit «Neudenken» können wir unsere Aufgabe, die Zukunft zu
 gestalten, optimal umsetzen. Kreativität – Es bedarf neuer, innovativer Ideen & machbarer, nützlicher Lösungen, um Fachprozesse höchsteffizient zu op
timieren & diese in eine 100% digitale Online-Welt zu befördern – und keine Idee ist verrückt genug, dass wir nicht zumindest darüber sprechen.  Das e
rwartet Dich:  Erfahrung & Wissen – regelmässiger Austausch in einem motivierten, dynamischen Team mit starken Kompetenzen, flachen Hierarchien & kurz
en Entscheidungswegen – denn nur gemeinsam sind wir stark. Atmosphäre & Freiraum – für selbständiges & verantwortungsbewusstes Arbeiten in einem vital
en, kollegialen Arbeitsklima & zu flexiblen Arbeitszeiten im Homeoffice & Büro – denn nur mit guter Work-Life-Balance gewinnen alle. Sicherheit & Pers
pektive – durch zukunftsgerichtete, innovative & stark wachsende Unternehmen sowie durch abwechslungsreiche Aufgaben mit grossem Gestaltungsspielraum 
& Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten – denn nur zusammen bewegen wir etwas.  Das ist Dein Mehrwert:  ein abgeschlossenes Studium der Informatik/Wirtschaftsinfo
rmatik oder Wirtschaftsingenieurwesen oder eine vergleichbare Ausbildung mindestens erste Erfahrung als IT-Architekt/in & Technical Product Owner umfa
ngreiche & mehrjährige Erfahrung im KI- und Data Science-Umfeld Erfahrung als Developer & Freude an der Umsetzung Erfahrung als IT-Projektleiter & Fre
ude an der (Durch)Führung von IT-Projekten analytische Denkweise, ausgeprägte Organisationsfähigkeit & sicheres Auftreten im Umgang mit Kunden & Kommu
nikationsfähigkeit Leistungsbereitschaft, Verantwortungsbewusstsein sowie Kundenorientierung selbstständiges & strukturiertes Arbeiten sowie Hands-on-
Mentalität sehr gute Deutsch- & Englischkenntnisse Planungs-, Organisations- & Managementwissen Neugier, Interesse an Weiterentwicklung & gerne über d
en Tellerrand schauen  Damit verbringst Du Deine Arbeitszeit:  Beraten des Auftraggebers zur technischen Architektur der IT-Systeme im Themenumfeld so
wie deren Weiterentwicklung Beraten des Auftraggebers zur Weiterentwicklung technischen Architekturstrategie im Themenumfeld sowie zur Umsetzung der M
assnahmen Aufzeigen von Verbesserungsmöglichkeiten der bestehenden technischen Architektur Analysieren der fachlichen Anforderungen an die IT-Systeme 
sowie Ableiten & Erarbeiten von technischen Umsetzungsmöglichkeiten Abstimmen der technischen Umsetzungsmöglichkeiten mit dem Auftraggeber technisches
 Beraten der Software-Entwicklung technisches Beraten & Umsetzen von DevOps-Themen Erforschen neuer Algorithmen & Technologien im Bereich Data Science
, um die technischen Fähigkeiten des Teams zu verbessern Bewerten & Dokumentieren technischer Risiken Beraten in der Konzeption zukunftsfähiger Archit
ektur Beraten des Auftraggebers zu Handlungsoptionen zur Risikobeseitigung oder Minimierung Ermitteln von nicht-funktionalen Anforderungen sowie Absti
mmen & Dokumentieren der nicht funktionalen Anforderungen Erstellen & Durchführen von Präsentationen zu technisch komplexen Themenstellungen IT-Projek
te managen & Projektmitarbeiter koordinieren  So wirst Du angestellt sein:  Dein Arbeitgeber ist ein Unternehmen der SBI - International Innovation Gr
oup AG. Dein Anstellungs- & Arbeitsort ist Arlesheim (Schweiz). Deine Arbeitsweise ist hybrid & new work, also in Präsenz & Remote.  Wenn Du Dich ange
sprochen fühlst, dann melde Dich ganz ungezwungen. Wir freuen uns, Dich bald kennenzulernen!BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADERSauber Motorsport AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
HinwilAERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADERWe are a Formula 1 team with 30 years of experience - always driven by the power of passion, teamwork, d
edication, and spirit. With us, everyone is an athlete and plays their part in successfully crossing the finish line. Our journey as THE 2026 future w
orks team starts now! For this new chapter we are looking for people who want to shape the future together with us. Join the team and make an impact a
s an experienced: AERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADER 100% (all genders) YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES  Develop and create the latest generation of aerod
ynamic analysis tools. Develop data science capabilities. Define scope, goals and technologies used in both projects. Have the technical lead of a tea
m of engineers to execute these projects. Work closely with aerodynamic engineers to improve the ease of understanding complex data. Apply your experi
ence and knowledge to help us set future directions and trends in data analysis and data visualization. Be responsible to define the look and feel of 
the user interface in terms of presentation and interaction with the data from a wide range of engineering data sources. Be responsible for producing 
high performance and well-designed data access tools and APIs to be used by other existing systems. Complete design, code, test, release, and maintena
nce of data analysis applications. Stay updated with the latest advancements and developments in software design and data science.  YOUR PROFILE  An M
Sc or PhD in Computer Science or Mathematics. Strong programming skills. The company is technologically open minded. Experience with the following wou
ld be beneficial: Python (v3.x), Qt, PostgreSQL, and real time engineering signal data processing. C#, .NET and integrating with other technologies su
ch as SQL Server and C++. Experience with data organisation and repository creation using appropriate database and file technologies. Interest in the 
development and deployment of AI and Machine Learning based systems. Experience in working in a dynamic and challenging environment. Highly self-motiv
ated, dedicated, creative, result-oriented, and able to work independently with some flexibility in terms of working hours. A team player but with the
 initiative to make own decisions. Able to work under pressure with minimal supervision. Open to learning from others and sharing knowledge with other
s. Someone who, regardless of the task set, always has a high work ethic and is committed to a positive image of the department and entire team. Organ
ized, methodical and able to communicate complex ideas clearly.  ABOUT US Sauber Motorsport AG is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversit
y and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We look forward to reviewing your application and having you join the team
 in our pursuit of excellence in Formula 1. HOW TO APPLY If the above applies, and working in a dynamic, cross-functional environment appeals to you, 
we are looking forward to receiving your application. Interested candidates should send a resume and a brief cover letter, presenting their motivation
 and interest in the position, to our Human Resources department via the online application. Contact Phone +41 44 937 90 00 Address Sauber Motorsport 
AG c/o Sauber Group of Companies 8340 Hinwil Switzerland Tara Hanna, HR Manager 18.04.2024KontaktSauber Motorsport AG(5)22 Jobshttps://www.sauber-grou
p.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Middle Office Business Analyst (f/m/d) AlpiqBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Engl
isch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:OltenAlpiq Holding Ltd. is a Swiss energy company operating throughout Europe. Its activities include the generation and su
pply of electricity, energy trading, energy management, energy services as well as energy technology. Alpiq Ltd. is a subsidiary of Alpiq Holding Ltd.
 with headquarters in Olten.   To partner with the Head of Middle Office Trading and the Portfolio Analysts in Middle Office and play a big part in th
e development and change activities in Middle Office, we are looking for a person with proven professional experience in the energy or commodity busin
ess. This job requires initiative and project management skills and is an attractive opportunity for somebody who likes to be challenged accordingly. 
This senior Middle Office role is ideally based in Olten and reporting to the Head of Middle Office Trading.  Your main responsibilities   Management 
of internal and external transformation and development projects related to Middle Office Identification of areas for process improvements and streaml
ine workflows  Methodological input for development and change activities in terms of PnL and positions  Service provider for portfolio owners, creati
ng reports with validation of PnL and positions  Monitoring portfolio structures and its processes behind Coordination and support to other units, as 
well as a controlling function ensuring that directives are met by the Front System enhancements and implementations - close collaboration with IT tea
ms Creation and enhancement of reports in terms of PnL, Positions and Cashflows, mainly on PowerBI      Your profile   University degree in finance, e
ngineering, data science or similar 5 years of experience in a similar role, preferably in the energy or finance business, with international scope So
lid knowledge and understanding of the value chain in energy sector or commodity market, incl. related financial products Strong project and process m
anagement skills Solid coding skills a plus (Python, Power BI, VBA and data analysis) Inter-cultural experience Proficient in English, French as an ad
vantage     KontaktAlpiq AG(0)14 Jobshttps://jobs.alpiq.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Stage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:BienneStage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)    Introduction    Pour notre  département Qualité Sécur
ité Environnement, nous recherchons un Stagiaire Data Scientist  (H/F) dont la mission principale sera de mettre en pratique des outils de Machine Lea
rning pour généraliser le contrôle automatique de procédé (APC) en se basant sur l’ensemble des données de production disponibles.      Responsabilité
s     Faire une étude bibliographique du sujet Mettre en forme les données pour la problématique en question Entraîner des modèles permettant la bonne
 maîtrise du procédé grâce aux données historiques et contextuelles Proposer une méthode permettant de traiter la question de manière générique sans f
aire d’ingénierie spécifique au système considéré       Profil     Etudiant niveau master en data science, robotique, physique ou mathématiques, avec 
de très bonnes connaissances en machine learning classique et profond Bonne connaissance de Python Bonnes capacités d'abstraction  Des connaissances e
n statistiques, et en particulier dans la maîtrise statistique des procédés (MSP), sont un plus       Conclusion    Nous vous offrons un environnement
 stimulant, d'excellentes conditions de travail et des prestations sociales de premier ordre. KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://www.rolex.comBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Assistenzärztin / Assistenzarzt 90-100%Universitätsspital BaselBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 Januar 2024Pensum:90 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:BaselAssistenzärztin / Assistenzarzt 90-100%Viele gute Gründe für einen Job am Universitätsspital Basel 🏥: 🌴 30 Tage Ferien, 👶 umfassende Kin
derbetreuungsmöglichkeiten, 👨 🎓 Unterstützung bei Fort- und Weiterbildungen ✅ weitere Benefits.  Assistenzärztin / Assistenzarzt    Das können Sie bew
egen   Stationäre und ambulante Betreuung von Mund-Kiefer-Gesichtschirurgischen Patientinnen und Patienten Operative Assistenz und Durchführung Mund-K
iefer-Gesichtschirurgischer Eingriffe unter Anleitung Durchführung und Mitarbeit in der Sprechstunde: Trauma, Tumor, Dysgnathie, Dentoalveolär, Fehlbi
ldungen Nach Einarbeitungszeit Beteiligung am Pikettdienst der Klinik Mitarbeit in translationaler Forschung: 3D-Druck, patientenspezifische Implantat
e, Data Science     Das bringen Sie mit   Abgeschlossenes Medizinstudium und Zahnmedizinstudium Ziel der Weiterbildung Fachärztin/Facharzt Mund-Kiefer
-Gesichtschirurgie Hohes Interesse an wissenschaftlichen Arbeiten Freude an der interdisziplinären Zusammenarbeit Hohe Dienstleistungsbereitschaft    
 Über das USB Es gibt viele Gründe, zu uns zu kommen: Am USB arbeiten heisst in erster Linie, Teil eines engagierten Teams aus über 7500 Mitarbeitende
n aus rund 90 Nationen zu sein. Unser lebhafter Alltag ist geprägt von zukunftsweisender Forschung, Spitzenmedizin und Wissenstransfer auf höchstem Ni
veau. Dazu kommen eine moderne Unternehmenskultur, Inter-disziplinarität, inspirierende Innovationskraft und vielseitige Aus- und Weiterbildungsmöglic
hkeiten. Möchten Sie mit uns das Spital der Zukunft gestalten? Dann werden Sie Teil von uns! #TeamUSBKontaktUniversitätsspital Basel(0)118 JobsBewerbe
nJob merkenDiesen Job melden


SVP, Global Head of Data & Analytics pREDF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:BaselSVP, Global Head of Data & Analytics pREDRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing wit
h healthcare on a global scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied hea
lthcare needs. Together, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position   
In Roche’s  Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organisation (pRED  ), we make transformative medicines for patients in order to address som
e of the world’s toughest unmet healthcare needs. Together, we build a culture defined by curiosity, responsibility and humility, where our talented p
eople are empowered and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing innovation at speed.   The SVP Global Head of Data & Analytics (D&A) is 
a member of the pRED leadership team (pLT), reporting to the Head of pRED. Aligned with the Roche Group and pRED Strategy, and in the context of R&D E
xcellence, the SVP Global Head of D&A sets the D&A vision and strategy to improve patient outcomes through unlocking the power of data, technology and
 computational approaches to novel drug discovery and early clinical development.   In this highly visible role, the SVP Global Head of D&A will lead 
D&A, acting as an ambassador for pRED across the Roche R&D ecosystem and beyond. With D&A operating in a hub and spoke concept, the D&A Head will lead
 the hub and also have the overall strategic leadership of D&A capabilities across pRED. D&A activities include but are not limited to Bioinformatics,
 Biostatistics, Image Analysis, Modelling & Simulation, Data Science, Computational Chemistry, Computational Medicine and Digital Health as well as Da
ta Architecture, Data Engineering and Data Management and Data Visualization.   We are seeking a visionary, influential and empowering leader who is h
ighly motivated by impact and thrives in an environment with a high level of ambiguity.   This role will   Contribute to the overall pRED strategy and
 portfolio in close collaboration with the pRED Leadership Team (pLT) and the Head of pRED   Foster a world-leading scientific D&A community propellin
g drug discovery and early clinical development to a future of digital augmented science   Catalyse the deep embedding of D&A in pRED to accelerate dr
ug discovery and early clinical development         Job Mission     Lead and empower all D&A capabilities across pRED, influencing and building networ
ks with the wider Roche ecosystem   Forms a compelling vision and strategy for D&A across pRED in partnership with Global Functions   Attracts, develo
ps, and retains top talent to build an industry leading computational pillar for Research and Development including target discovery, drug discovery a
nd early clinical development   Responsible for bringing D&A topics to the fore across the pRED organisation and facilitates the development of data s
avvy cultures across the organisation   Creates and maintains inclusive and transparent decision-making mechanisms for allocation of D&A resources in 
line with portfolio and D&A transformation needs     Ensuring deep embedding of D&A capabilities and solutions into the pRED portfolio   Evolves an in
novation and science-driven organisation that serves pRED with industry leading activities and platforms, leading a high-performing D&A capability foc
using on advancing the pRED portfolio and providing industry-leading D&A solutions   Ensures delivery of required D&A solutions, and efficiency in D&A
 operations   Accountability for adherence to, and development of pRED & Roche D&A standards, policies, and guidelines     Shape, prioritise and lead 
D&A-related needs across pRED, in collaboration with pRED leadership   Shapes in close collaboration with pRED leaders the overall pRED strategy in pa
rticular regarding all aspects of D&A transformation, and effectively connects with pRED leaders to drive outcomes   Responsible for positioning the p
RED D&A organisation into the network of Roche global Informatics and ensuring alignment of IT infrastructure and solutions to meet the needs of pRED 
  Represents pRED’s strategy and interests in external D&A related partnerships (with startups, established companies, and academic institutions)   En
terprise-wide connectivity and collaboration         Your Impact     Lead and develop, together with the team of D&A leaders, an outstanding D&A capab
ility for pRED   Ensure optimal leverage of D&A for the advancement of the pRED portfolio, and ensure reliable and effective delivery of D&A solutions
 to pRED         Your Profile     You are an inspiring and next-generation leader who thrives in developing impactful ambitious strategies, with a pro
ven track record in leveraging D&A to transform drug discovery research and early clinical development organisations. You create and build competitive
, novel D&A strategies and approaches for advanced analytics and data science, and thrive in establishing networks to achieve outcomes in complex matr
ix environments. You encourage and motivate teams to push the limits of science and drive productivity by fostering a D&A mindset in pRED allowing to 
fully leverage the power of D&A-augmented science, and inspire people to innovate, collaborate and create great outcomes that matter for patients.   D
emonstrated ability to lead organisations through change; forming teams, networks and systems that encourage and enable impact and action   Track reco
rd in developing the full potential of people, encouraging diverse approaches, inclusiveness and teamwork. You empower teams to build the skills and m
indsets they need to succeed, and hire top talent with diverse backgrounds and create an inclusive environment for them to thrive   Strong influencing
 skills enabling internal and external stakeholders to understand and address challenges and opportunities effectively, with experience in leading thr
ough complexity and ambiguity in a matrixed work environment   You prioritise to create clarity, simplification and focus   Advanced degree in data sc
ience, bioinformatics, computational biology, computational chemistry, computer science, engineering or similar is required   Extensive experience in 
computation and technology, with experience in either life sciences, chemistry, drug development, and/or healthcare           Who we are At Roche, mor
e than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading res
earch-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Basel is the headquarters of the Roche Group and one o
f its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countries come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, wh
ich is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we offer flexible working options, 18 week
s of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benefit from multiple services on site such as child-car
e facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, 
and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Opportunity 
Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Paid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Procter & Gamble Europe SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:Petit-LancyPaid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Email this job to Success! Failure! Get notified for similar jobs Success
! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs Failure! Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests. Profile recommendations Similar Jobs    
 Data Science for Supply Chain Internship Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000090389 Job Ty
pe Full time Internships Job LocationBrusselsJob DescriptionDo you have passion for technology and desire to learn and grow continuously? Do you want 
to belong to one of the most advanced Data Science & Analytics group in the     Data Scientist Operations Research for Supply Chain Location Brussels,
 Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000099601 Job Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Location. Brussels
. Job Description. Data Scientists at P&G are not only technical experts but also passionate business leaders driving change and innovation. They play
 a pivotal role in creating a...     IT Internship or Bachelor/Master Thesis (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Informatio
n Technology Job Id R000092088 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionDo you have an analytical attitude and a 
passion for technology? Are you interested in being part of our Information Technology team near Frankfurt am Ma     AI innovation specialist internsh
ip Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000101441 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationBr
usselsJob DescriptionDo you have a passion for technology and a desire to learn and grow continuously? Then this opportunity as IT intern at Procter &
 Gamble is the one you have been loo     Marketing Technologist intern Location Paris, Paris, France Category Information Technology Job Id R000099167
 Job Type Full time Internships This includes making strategic choices regarding data, technology, and architecture to effectively integrate, activate
/execute, and enrich the system to meet business needs. Utilizing strong business...     WORKING STUDENT IT (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Jo
b Id R000092090 Job Type Part time Internships Job LocationKronbergJob DescriptionOur Working Student program is a great opportunity to gain practical
 knowledge alongside your studies, and P&G offers this!In a working student engagement with P&G,     ReLaunch IT Career Program – Information Technolo
gy Manager (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Job Id R000092086 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob 
DescriptionDo you want to be part of one of the most sophisticated global IT organizations in the world, transforming the way business is done through
 technology an     SAP Platform Operations Engineer (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R0000
87261 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionYOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER From its foundation 185 years a
go as a soap and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconi     IT Manager – IT Product Manager / IT Enginee
ring / Data Analytics (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R000092087 Job Type Full time Recen
t Grads/Entry Level Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionAre you passionate about an exciting career in Information Technology? Are you read
y to sustainably shape the technology used in the industry? If you rel Jobseekers Also Viewed     Apprentissage d'employé(e) de commerce - Switzerland
 (m/f/x) Location Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Multi-Functional     Paid Internship – Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x) Loca
tion Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Brand Management/Marketing     Analytics & Insights Internship (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, H
esse, Germany Category Brand Management/Marketing     Morocco Homecoming Summer Internship - IT Project Manager Location Casablanca, Casablanca, Moroc
co Category Information Technology     Site Digital Technology Leader Location Seoul, Seoul, Korea, Republic of Category Information TechnologyBewerbe
nJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zür
ichCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, ot
her cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review 
your options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigati
on, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's project Chemical Reservoir Computing Project description T
he brain is the world’s most amazing, energy-efficient computer and runs entirely on chemical reactions. The vision of the EU Project CORENET is to de
ploy complex chemical reaction networks (CRNs) as computing unit to process information. Fully automated liquid-handling hardware and multi-functional
 reactors are available to initiate and control chemical reactions by changing composition and steering the evolution of the CRN. As a result, a large
 number of chemically diverse products is being generated and analyzed by a combination of optical inline spectroscopy (e.g. UV-VIS and FT-IR) and off
line mass-spectroscopy (e.g. LC-MS, MS-MS, TIMS-ToF), supported by cheminformatics and metabolomics algorithms. The goal of this master project is to 
treat the chemical processor as a reservoir and use it for classification tasks. This work includes:  extraction of compound-specific features from ex
isting analytical data; creating an output feature vector comprising both qualitative and quantitative information; establishing a data pipeline to au
tomatically feed in feature vectors for different input parameters covering a large phase space (chemical input + operation input + initial state); pe
rforming in-silico trainings for typical classification problems and different type of CRNs, and search and calculate elementary reaction pathways con
necting CRN feedstock reagents with selected compounds verified by MS-MS spectroscopy for reasoning by quantum chemistry.  Besides these data science 
tasks, interaction with the chemical computer located at IBM Research Europe - Zurich (in Rüschlikon, Switzerland) is desired to iteratively optimize 
the chemical protocols used for the operation of the wet-chemistry system. In addition to the static input variation of the CRN, dynamic operation com
bined with real-time read-out may be targeted. Furthermore, theoretical quantum chemistry models should be applied to reason about the evolution of th
e CRN by suggesting and calculating elementary reaction pathways connecting species in the network with experimentally validated compounds. Requiremen
ts Applicants are expected to hold a bachelor's degree in computer, data or mathematical science, theoretical chemistry or an engineering discipline a
nd to have a broad interest in data science, chemistry, automatization and artificial intelligence. A background in statistics and machine learning as
 well as hands-on experience with data analysis in Python, R, or MATLAB is required. Excellent communication and presentation skills would be of added
 value. If you are enthusiastic, willing to learn and explore, and want to become part of an open, collaborative and multi-cultural team dedicated to 
scientific excellence, then please apply below. Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural
 environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development and thei
r personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this position and you fulfill all the requirements, please submit your application including a
 motivation letter, a complete curriculum vitae and the names of at least two references. For technical questions, please contact please contact Dr. E
manuel Lörtscher, E-Mail schreiben.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantitativer IRB Experte (w/m/d)Raiffeisen GruppeBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenQ
uantitativer IRB Experte (w/m/d)Als Quantitative Risk Modelling Team von Raiffeisen Schweiz entwickeln wir die IRB Risikomodelle für die Raiffeisen Gr
uppe und sind primärer Ansprechpartner für quantitative Fragestellungen im Risikoumfeld. In unserer Funktion sind wir Teil des Bereiches Risk Control 
von Raiffeisen Schweiz. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams mit Arbeitsort in St. Gallen und/oder Zürich-Flughafen (The Circle) sowie der Möglichkeit von Ho
me Office suchen wir eine engagierten Teamplayer für die folgenden Aufgabengebiete:  Quantitativer IRB Experte (w/m/d)     Entwicklung und Backtesting
 von IRB Kreditrisikomodellen (inkl. Aufbereitung der Datengrundlage) Validierung und Weiterentwicklung von Marktrisikomodellen im Banken- und Handels
buch Kontinuierliche Verbesserung und Automatisierung von Prozessen zur periodischen Modellüberprüfung Zusammenarbeit mit Fachbereichen bei der Modell
entwicklung im Rahmen der Sicherstellung von Anwenderakzeptanz Ansprechpartner für bankinterne und -externe Anspruchsgruppen sowie Prüfungsgesellschaf
ten bei Detailfragen zu Risikomodellen und -methoden      Universitätsstudium mit quantitativem Fokus, z. B. (Finanz-)Mathematik, Physik, Data Science
 Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der gesamthaften quantitativen Entwicklung von Kreditrisikomodellen (insb. PD und LGD im IRB-Kontext) Sehr gute Programmierk
enntnisse in R und SQL, Kenntnisse in LaTeX und Git von Vorteil Analytisches und strukturiertes Denken mit ausgeprägter Affinität für quantitative Ver
fahren sowie hohe Problemlösungskompetenz Adressatengerechte Kommunikation von komplexen Themenfeldern, hohe Eigeninitiative und zielorientierte Arbei
tsweise  KontaktRaiffeisen Gruppe(9)282 Jobshttps://www.raiffeisen.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Werkstudent:in Group Internal Audit als Datenanalyst:in/Revisor:in Liechtensteinische Landesbank AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 
April 2024Pensum:30 – 50%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:Vaduz  Ihre Rolle:   Start des Programms per 01.09.2024 Datenaufbereitung für empirische Auswertu
ngen Durchführung Abgleiche, Analysen, Stichproben und Aufbereitung Daten für Audits sowie Unterstützung in der Datenauswertung durch Fachrevisoren Un
terstützung bei Audits der externen Revision sowie selbstständige Durchführung repetitiver Prüfaufgaben Austausch mit Fachstellen wie bspw. LLB Group 
IT  Entwicklung einer Datenanalysestrategie, inkl. Evaluierung Auswertungsmöglichkeiten und Etablierung einer Datenanalyse-Schnittstelle (Center of Co
mpetence)  Ihre Ausbildung und Erfahrung:   Laufendes Masterstudium (zu Programmbeginn im September im 3. Semester) mit sehr gutem Notenschnitt in den
 Bereichen Finance, Audit, Data Science oder IT Idealerweise bereits erste Audit-Erfahrung und Programmierkenntnisse in Python oder Datenbanklösungen 
 Bereitschaft als Datenanalyst:in/Revisor:in bei Group Internal Audit einzusteigen Deutsch auf Niveau Muttersprache sowie sehr gute Englisch Kenntniss
e in Wort und Schrift  Ihre Arbeitsweise:   Du hast eine hohe Affinität für das Bankwesen und regulatorische Fragestellungen Gute analytische Fähigkei
ten sowie eine schnelle Auffassungsgabe zeichnen dich aus Du zeigst überzeugendes Engagement, übernimmst Verantwortung und arbeitest sowohl im Team al
s auch allein effizient und zielgerichtet  Du wagst den 'Blick über den Tellerrand' immer mit dem Ziel dich und die Bank weiterzuentwickeln  Ihr Team:
  Die Aufgaben von Group Internal Audit (GIA) sind sehr abwechslungsreich und reichen von der Durchführung von Prüfungen in allen Themenbereichen der 
Bank auf Einzelgesellschafts- sowie auf Konzern-Ebene bis zur Umsetzung interner Projekte oder der Begleitung von strategischen Initiativen und Busine
ss Projekten. Dabei pflegen wir stets den Austausch mit dem Gruppenverwaltungsrat als unserem Auftraggeber. GIA bietet somit einen idealen Einstieg, u
m die Gesamtbank zu verstehen und vertiefte Einblicke in strategische sowie operative Fragestellungen zu erhalten.  Ihre Perspektive bei uns:  Wir bie
ten ein umfangreiches begleitendes Young-Talents Programm (z. B. Design Thinking Workshops und Networking-Anlässe). Unser Anspruch als interne Revisio
n ist es, uns stetig weiterzuentwickeln. Du wirst von Anfang an ins Team integriert und kannst uns mit deinen Ideen, insb. im Bereich IKS, Big Data un
d Datenanalysen massgeblich und aktiv unterstützen.    KontaktCelina  KindLiechtensteinische Landesbank(0)40 Jobshttps://www.llb.li/de/Pages/karrieres
eite/arbeitgeberinBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data & AI Consulting Lead (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zü
richData & AI Consulting Lead (Zurich, Switzerland) HybridZürich, Zurich, SwitzerlandConsultingFull timeOverviewApplicationShare this job SVGs not sup
ported by this browser. Description Who We Are Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company de
dicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with so
me of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&
D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 offices in Switzer
land and Poland. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital tr
ansformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboratio
n on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes. Are You the team member we are looking for? Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Consulting Lead to join 
our growing Data & AI Consulting Practice in Zurich. Purpose of our Practice is to work alongside our data scientists and data engineers and advise cl
ients with a holistic data & AI consulting offering, ranging from technical-operational to conceptual-strategic. You will have the opportunity to acco
mpany state of the art data, AI & analytics projects with our clients. You will be involved in the whole lifecycle from business development and pre-s
ales to project implementation and client relationship building. You will become a core team member and take responsibility for scaling up the Data & 
AI consulting practice within Unit8. What You’ll Do Your role can evolve and will depend on our clients’ and internal challenges. In general, you will
: lead consulting projects with clients on their path to become a data-driven company, e.g. by assessing the client’s data and machine learning maturi
ty, identifying data-driven use cases, defining an impactful implementation roadmap, provide guidance on data and model governance, develop target ope
rating models for analytics organisations or benchmark different analytics tools & platforms contribute to the growth of our Data & AI Consulting Prac
tice via business development activities along all stages of the sales funnel (e.g., from prospecting new leads to answering to RfPs and closing new c
onsulting contracts) work closely with the head of our Data & AI Consulting practice as part of a small, high-performing team to co-develop the growth
 strategy and concepts and methodologies for new data & AI consulting offerings collaborate with our data & AI consultants, data scientists, data engi
neers and other specialists s on the implementation of impactful data-based solutions and machine learning use cases lead the creation of white papers
 and industry thought leadership on data science & AI-related topics Requirements You are Must have: a fluent German and English speaker both written 
and spoken equipped with 7-10 years of work experience in a reputable management consultancy at the intersection of business & technology experienced 
in successfully leading technical, operational and strategic client projects within data, AI & analytics able to quickly identify and prioritise busin
ess challenges and provide innovative and relevant solutions, either during an ongoing client project or in business development activities an outgoin
g and convincing personality who is talented at establishing, maintaining and growing commercial relationships with clients holding a Swiss passport o
r a valid EU/EFTA work permit Good to have: familiar with the Swiss business landscape and can tap into an existing network of decision makers a Bache
lor’s or Master’s graduate in IT/ computer science, engineering, business, mathematics or natural sciences willing to travel (on average no more than 
40%, primarily Switzerland, with some activity across Europe possible, mainly Germany & France) Benefits What We Offer A young, high growth services c
ompany which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance t
o co-build Unit8 Competitive compensation incl. base salary and variable compensation dependent on both individual + company performance and the optio
n to become shareholder of Unit8 Work on cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries A cult
ure that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding wh
en and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support wit
h both time and budget) 30 vacation days Apply for this job KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship in StatisticsF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselInternship
 in StatisticsRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with healthcare on a global scale, di
versity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthcare needs. Together, we embrac
e individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position  About us    We are Roche, a biotech
nology company with an annual revenue of over $70 billion, 100,000+ employees in over 150 countries. Roche has its head office in Basel, Switzerland. 
The internship will be based out of this office. You can learn more about the company here, and also visit our careers website here. Throughout our 12
5-year history, Roche has grown into one of the world’s largest biotech companies, as well as a leading provider of in-vitro diagnostics and a global 
supplier of transformative innovative solutions across major disease areas.  We focus on finding new medicines and diagnostics and establishing data-b
ased insights that evolve the practice of medicine and help patients live longer, better lives. A 60 second video summary of our organisation can be f
ound here:  Roche in 60 seconds   Data Science at Roche:  https://careers.roche.com/global/en/meet-our-data-scientists     The Position    You will be
 part of the Data Sciences and Statistics department located in Basel. As strategic partners in drug development, we apply our drug development and st
atistical expertise to the design and analysis of clinical development plans, clinical studies, and non-clinical experiments.   Duration between 4 to 
6 months depending on the project. Flexible start date.   Possible projects:    Prediction of clinical Time-to-Event endpoints using longitudinal imag
ing (e.g. MRI) and digital health technologies in multiple sclerosis.   Impact of using different estimand strategies to account for new-anti lymphoma
 treatment in pivotal lymphoma trials.   Sample size calculation and development of an associated R package for repeated or paired count data with app
lications to trials in haemophilia.   Multi-state models in ophthalmology.     You are an enrolled student at the MSc or PhD level in statistics or a 
related field (or you have completed your studies within the past twelve months) with a strong theoretical foundation, experience in applied statistic
s, and very good knowledge of programming in R. Successful applicants will demonstrate a keen interest to learn new tools and statistical methods, to 
experiment, and to complete the internship project within the allocated time. Prior experience in the field of statistics relevant to the project (e.g
. dynamic prediction modelling, survival analysis, analysis of count data, or multi-state modelling) is a plus. Good communication skills in English a
re needed.    For Non-EU candidates, a mandatory letter and enrolment certificate are required.     Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people acro
ss 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare g
roups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Basel is the headquarters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centr
es of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countries come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s larg
est sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we offer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 1
0 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benefit from multiple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical serv
ices, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and
 create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffma
nn-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data & AI Consulting Lead (Bern, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Bern
Data & AI Consulting Lead (Bern, Switzerland) HybridBern, Canton of Bern, SwitzerlandConsultingFull timeOverviewApplicationShare this job SVGs not sup
ported by this browser. Description Who We Are Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company de
dicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with so
me of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&
D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 offices in Switzer
land and Poland. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital tr
ansformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboratio
n on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes. Are You the team member we are looking for? Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Consulting Lead to join 
our growing Data & AI Consulting Practice in Zurich. Purpose of our Practice is to work alongside our data scientists and data engineers and advise cl
ients with a holistic data & AI consulting offering, ranging from technical-operational to conceptual-strategic. You will have the opportunity to acco
mpany state of the art data, AI & analytics projects with our clients. You will be involved in the whole lifecycle from business development and pre-s
ales to project implementation and client relationship building. You will become a core team member and take responsibility for scaling up the Data & 
AI consulting practice within Unit8. What You’ll Do Your role can evolve and will depend on our clients’ and internal challenges. In general, you will
: lead consulting projects with clients on their path to become a data-driven company, e.g. by assessing the client’s data and machine learning maturi
ty, identifying data-driven use cases, defining an impactful implementation roadmap, provide guidance on data and model governance, develop target ope
rating models for analytics organisations or benchmark different analytics tools & platforms contribute to the growth of our Data & AI Consulting Prac
tice via business development activities along all stages of the sales funnel (e.g., from prospecting new leads to answering to RfPs and closing new c
onsulting contracts) work closely with the head of our Data & AI Consulting practice as part of a small, high-performing team to co-develop the growth
 strategy and concepts and methodologies for new data & AI consulting offerings collaborate with our data & AI consultants, data scientists, data engi
neers and other specialists s on the implementation of impactful data-based solutions and machine learning use cases lead the creation of white papers
 and industry thought leadership on data science & AI-related topics Requirements You are Must have: a fluent German and English speaker both written 
and spoken equipped with 7-10 years of work experience in a reputable management consultancy at the intersection of business & technology experienced 
in successfully leading technical, operational and strategic client projects within data, AI & analytics able to quickly identify and prioritise busin
ess challenges and provide innovative and relevant solutions, either during an ongoing client project or in business development activities an outgoin
g and convincing personality who is talented at establishing, maintaining and growing commercial relationships with clients holding a Swiss passport o
r a valid EU/EFTA work permit Good to have: familiar with the Swiss business landscape and can tap into an existing network of decision makers a Bache
lor’s or Master’s graduate in IT/ computer science, engineering, business, mathematics or natural sciences willing to travel (on average no more than 
40%, primarily Switzerland, with some activity across Europe possible, mainly Germany & France) Benefits What We Offer A young, high growth services c
ompany which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance t
o co-build Unit8 Competitive compensation incl. base salary and variable compensation dependent on both individual + company performance and the optio
n to become shareholder of Unit8 Work on cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries A cult
ure that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding wh
en and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support wit
h both time and budget) 30 vacation days Apply for this job KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Engineer (w/m/d)pmOne Schweiz GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 August 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior 
Data Engineer (w/m/d)Deine Aufgaben Beratung unserer Kunden beim Entwurf, Implementierung und Einführung von Data Analytics Systemen Aufbau von modern
en Cloudplattformen zur Speicherung und Analyse von Daten in SQL, NoSQL oder Hadoop/Data Lake-Plattformen Integration von Daten aus verschiedenen Quel
len (Streaming, APIs, Sensordaten, Google Analytics, CRM, ERP, SQL DB usw.) Entwurf und Implementierung von Datenpipelines (unter anderem CI/CD) und d
er zugrunde liegenden Datenarchitektur Verwaltung und Kuratierung der verfügbaren Daten zur Sicherung ihrer Qualität und Verfügbarkeit Datenaufbereitu
ng für maschinelles Lernen, Data Science und Data Analytics (Teil-)Projektleitung und Kundenmanagement Übernahme der Mentor-Funktion und (Weiter-)Entw
icklung von Fachinhalten innerhalb der Data Engineering Community Dein Profil Du hast Spaß zwischen IT und Business zu vermitteln, unbekannte Herausfo
rderungen anzunehmen und daraus intelligente Lösungen zu entwickeln. Du bist ein Team-Player, der sich gerne weiterentwickelt, neues Wissen aneignet u
nd weitergibt. Du hast mindestens 5 Jahre Berufserfahrung im Aufbau und Implementierung von komplexen Data Analytics Lösungen. Wünschenswert für uns s
ind ein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium im Bereich Informatik, Ingenieurwesen, Mathematik, Physik oder einem ähnlichen Studienfach. Du hast fundie
rte technische Kenntnisse (idealerweise Architekturwissen) in einer oder mehrerer der folgenden Technologien: Microsoft SQL Server, SQL/DWH/Analysis S
ervices, Microsoft Azure (Data Lake, Data Factory, Synapse, DevOps), Snowflake, Databricks. Idealerweise hast Du bereits erste Kenntnisse im Umgang mi
t Scripted Infrastructure (z.B. Terraform) und Power BI. Begriffe wie Data Vault, Data Mesh, Kimball, Inmon, Fakten- und Dimensionenbeziehungen sind f
ür dich keine Fremdwörter. Du hast Erfahrung mit agilen Projektmanagementmethoden wie Scrum. Du verfügst über sehr gute Deutsch (mind. C1) - und gute 
Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift. Du bringst moderate Reisebereitschaft (bis ca. 30%) mit. KontaktpmOne Schweiz GmbH(0)7 Jobshttps://www.pmone.c
omBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DOCTORAL POSITION (RESEARCH ASSISTANT, 3-6 YRS) IN COMPUTATIONAL COMMUNICATION SCIENCE (PROF. DR. JING ZENG)Universität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröff
entlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:5 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDOCTORAL POSITION (RESEARCH ASSISTANT, 3-6 YRS) IN COMPUTATIONAL COMMUNICA
TION SCIENCE (PROF. DR. JING ZENG)The University of Zurich is the largest research university in Switzerland. IKMZ is one of the leading communication
 departments in Europe. The University of Zurich is interested in the equality of men and women in scientific positions and encourages applications fr
om women.  DOCTORAL POSITION (RESEARCH ASSISTANT, 3-6 YRS) IN COMPUTATIONAL COMMUNICATION SCIENCE (PROF. DR. JING ZENG)    Your responsibilities   Con
duct high-quality computational media and communication research. Attend academic conferences and publish in academic journals in related areas. Succe
ssfully complete your PhD within the appointment period. Teach one class per semester relevant to your research interests in our BA/MA programs. Organ
izational and administrative tasks.     Your profile   Master's degree in Communication Science, Computer Science, Data Science, Digital Humanities, o
r a closely related field. Strong programming skills in R and/or Python. Track record in computational research of digital media. Relevant skills incl
ude Natural Language Processing (NLP), computer vision, network analysis, and audio signal processing, among other multimodal research approaches. Exp
erience or interests in researching visually-rich digital media platforms (e.g. TikTok, Instagram, YouTube) is an advantage. Proficiency in English is
 mandatory for research and publication purposes. Experience in conducting cross-lingual and cross-cultural research is a plus.     What we offer   Du
ration: 3-year doctoral position (60 %, paid according to cantonal salary scheme). Contract can be extended by an additional 3 years. Research focus: 
Computational communication research. Start of Employment: Earliest August 1, 2024 or by agreement.     Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktU
niversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data ScientistNetGuardians SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Yverdon-les-BainsSenior 
Data Scientist Senior Data Scientist About Us: NetGuardians is a leading provider of advanced analytics solutions in the banking and financial industr
y. We are dedicated to combating fraud and enhancing security through innovative technologies and cutting-edge data analytics. As we continue to expan
d our global footprint, we are seeking a talented Senior Data Scientist to join our dynamic team. Role Overview: Reporting directly to the Lead Data S
cientist and indirectly to the CTO, the Senior Data Scientist will play a pivotal role in the research and development of NetGuardians' analytics stac
k. This role requires a strong foundation in data analytics, machine learning, and advanced algorithms, as well as the ability to work autonomously an
d efficiently in processing and analyzing data from various sources. Key Responsibilities: Develop and maintain NetGuardians' data analytics model too
ls in Python. Design advanced algorithms and machine learning models to implement use cases solving business problems. Collaborate with cross-function
al teams to define and deliver product marketing strategies and content. Conduct technology watch and research to stay ahead of market trends and cust
omer requirements. Prototype, implement, and maintain innovative solutions to enhance NetGuardians' analytics platform. Provide guidance and support t
o junior data scientists and interns. Requirements: PhD or MSc in Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of ex
perience in applied analytics, in a corporate environment or relevant academic context. Proficiency in Python and strong knowledge of machine learning
, mathematics, and predictive models. Experience in developing production-ready code and working with CI/CD principles. Excellent communication skills
 and ability to work autonomously. Strong motivation/curiosity to learn new things and discover new technologies, with the ability to critically asses
s their quality and applicability. Fluent in English; proficiency in French or other languages is a plus. KontaktNetguardians SA(0)6 Jobshttps://netgu
ardians.breezy.hr/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistHolcim AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData ScientistZURICH, CH Data Sc
ientist SUMMARY OF THE JOB The Data Scientist will support digital transformation (automations, data strategy) and analytics (descriptive and predicti
ve) projects. MAIN ACTIVITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES  Data curation and automation: Cleaning of raw data and gap filling, transformation of raw data into 
different formats and alignment with master data, integration of data from various sources and automation of data matching processes, updating/maintai
ning/backups of databases Data visualization: Maintaining and amending dashboards (Qlik, Tableau or similar) Monthly reports/presentations automation:
 suggest and implement best options/tools Support data strategy project: Participate in the discovery, design and the implementation of the new Datala
ke development for the Holcim Trading applications Support GenAI applications: Collaborate with our 3rd party consultants and the corporate team to im
plement and deploy the AI use case identified for Holcim Trading  PROFILE REQUIRED Education/Qualification  Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data 
Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related discipline with an IT focus  Experience  Proven experience working with big datasets and SQL for data ext
raction, manipulation, and analysis Proven experience working Databricks Big Data Intelligence platform Proficiency in Python (& PySpark is a plus) pr
ogramming language for data analysis and machine learning tasks. Strong knowledge of standard analytical packages like Pandas, Numpy etc. Experience i
n data visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau or similar Very good understanding of statistical concepts and machine learning techniques such as re
gression, classification, clustering, and feature engineering is a plus Experience in working with cloud-based platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Clou
d) is a plus  Knowledge and skills  Proficiency in SQL Proficiency in Python Programming Language Data Visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau or si
milar Cloud based platforms(e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint)  Language  Excellent English, written and spoken BewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Paid Internship - Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x)Procter & Gamble International Operations SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 Oktobe
r 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:Petit-Lancy, GenevaPaid Internship - Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x) Job L
ocation Petit-Lancy Job Description Position:  Paid Internship – Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x) Location: Geneva Are you energized by 
solving tough business problems? Are you curious and creative with a bias towards action? If so, then a role in the Analytics & Insights organization 
is for you!The Analytics & Insights organization create a point of difference for P&G. We directly influence business strategy, via deep consumer, ret
ailer and market understanding, spanning from human insights to data science. This role is within Analytics. You will be the broader A&I organization 
go-to-person on data analysis and big data application, with your deep understanding of and passion for data analysis, striking the tangent between co
nsumer insights and advanced analytics to solve tough business problems as a strategic consultant to P&G leadership.  Key Responsibilities: We deliver
 insights by using analytics techniques. This includes us enabling teams to assess business potential of new ideas and launch successful initiatives, 
or us quantifying key business drivers and assessing sufficiency of plans to meet targets according to our models. We also visually and intuitively ma
rry consumer insights with data, for compelling and holistic business recommendations. Job Qualifications Skills/Qualifications: BA or MSc student. Ty
pical areas of study include: Data Science, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Physical Sciences or Quantitative Social Sciences, but so long 
as you otherwise recognize yourself in and feel passion for this type of challenge, we would love to hear from you; Strong analytical skills and an an
alytical problem solver; Can then tell the story that explains the discovery, excite the audience and turn recommendations into reality; Has exception
al written, visual and verbal communication skills; A leader: you envision how things can get better, set the direction, enroll others to get there an
d energize others until your vision becomes reality; Values simplicity and sets priorities, there are only so many hours in a day and your friends and
 family deserve some of it; Has an entrepreneur mind-set, while technically (data) savvy: you prefer to chart your own course to get the job done; Is 
creative; finds that unique viewpoint to solve problems; Has the ability to contribute and influence across levels and functions; Is able and willing 
to travel; For local market roles, related language skills may be required. You probably have an even better chance if you have: Experience with Stati
stical Packages, e.g. SQL, Python, R, Matlab, SPSS, SAS and/or JMP; Experience with Business Intelligence Tools such as Power BI, Spotfire, Tableau et
c. What’s in it for you: Experience the real corporate environment. Our internships give students an intensive immersion in a dynamic, international, 
diverse and flexible work environment. Be a project leader. Interns are entrusted with a live business project to lead, own and perform as of the firs
t day. Most exciting of all: is that a successful completion of the internship may lead to a permanent position in our Organization. Competitive compe
nsation Housing support: we provide you with a furbished accommodation in Geneva at a convenient rate, co-located with many other interns/new hires (a
pplicable only if you currently live >75km from Geneva). Round trip ticket to Geneva, subsidized meals in our canteen, free public transport in Geneva
, on-site gym, company store, on-site hair salon, sports teams and “new-hire network” are among the many benefits. We are an equal opportunity employe
r and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, 
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, citizenship, disability or any other legally protected factor. We value flexibility
 and life balance and we have tools and policies ensuring our people feel part of an inclusive community. Due to legal restrictions, immigration spons
orship is available only for EU/EFTA nationalities. All candidates with non – EU/EFTA nationalities are encouraged to check out opportunities in count
ries where they can obtain a work permit. Job Schedule Full time Job Number R000091834 Job Segmentation Internships (Job Segmentation) BewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


Logistics Data Analyst (a) | Pilatus Flugzeugwerke AGPilatus Flugzeugwerke AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:StansLogistics Data Analyst (a) | Pilatus Flugzeugwerke AGLogistics Data Analyst (a) Fly with us into the future and become part of the
 team at one of the most innovative aircraft manufacturers in the world. KUNDENDIENST / VERKAUF & MARKETING Your place of work: Stans, Schweiz What yo
u do:  Analyse data within an integrated logistics environment to guide decision-making, optimize processes and improve aircraft supportability throug
hout their lifecycle Assist with material planning and provisioning requirements aligned with integrated logistics support principles Collaborate with
 stakeholders to implement support strategies that consider reliability, maintainability and lifecycle costs Perform logistic support analysis to impr
ove system reliability and availability, while also investigating issues and disruptions Evaluate feasibility and cost-effectiveness of proposed solut
ions Monitor performance metrics for logistics and maintenance operations, tracking key indicators  What you bring:  University degree in engineering,
 data sciences, supply chain or a related field Must have strong analytical skills, detail-oriented with a true passion for analysis of data Able to p
rocess unstructured data and identify and interpret trends or patterns Fluent English skills, other languages are an advantage Strong verbal and writt
en communication and organizational skills as well as dedicated and goal-oriented personality with the ability to know when to seek support when requi
red Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical and technical audiences as well as familiarity with MS Office and/or other spreadsheet 
and data analysis tools  What we offer  A committed, international team and unique projects Flexible working hours and individual pension solutions Su
pport for training and opportunities for personal and professional development Discounted meals in our staff restaurant and various discounts for empl
oyees Team events at which we celebrate our successes together  Become part of the Pilatus family  We want to address everyone with our job ad's and a
re committed to diversity in our company – we are looking forward to receiving your online application For impressions: Check Instagram «pilatusaircra
ft»  Your contact: Maria Gageatu, HR Recruiter, Phone: +41 41 666 90 50KontaktPilatus Flugzeugwerke AG(13)161 Jobshttps://www.pilatus-aircraft.comBewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Impact Data AnalystBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfImpact Data Analy
st Your team Pictet Asset Management manages the assets of some of the world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries and their clients. Our c
ulture welcomes independent thinkers and centres on investment excellence, a long-term perspective and dedication to client service. We are seeking to
 recruit an Impact Data Analyst for our Thematic Equities team to help further develop industry-leading thematic impact measurement tools. The success
ful candidate will work closely with our Thematic Impact and Thematic Investment teams. Your role Working with teams across the organisation to develo
p the models, tools and data underlying our thematic investment process, and ensuring they are kept up to date. Ensuring a strong link between bottom-
up company fundamentals and top-down modelling. Helping the growth of institutional client solutions through advanced reporting. Providing tools, supp
ort and training for investment teams and external stakeholders. Developing and maintaining insightful and user-friendly Tableau dashboards for our in
vestment teams. Developing insightful data visualisations for our sustainability reports and thematic product presentations. Attending ad-hoc client m
eetings as subject matter expert. Acting as a interface between IT, AI Analytics and the Thematic Equities team. Managing projects, taking ownership a
nd driving them to successful completion. Your profile An MSc or PhD preferably in the field of science or engineering. Good understanding of LCA and 
EIO (EEMRIO) concepts and associated modelling. Experience with Python, Data Science packages (e.g. pandas, SciPy) and relational database programming
 (SQL). An affinity to fundamental  company analysis. Strong communication skills; Fluent in English (native or equivalent a plus). Passion for data v
isualisation; experience with Tableau a plus. Must have an interest in sustainability and the equity market. Previous exposure to statistical modellin
g, machine learning or NLP a plus. Must be resident in Switzerland or willing to relocate. Note We will not accept any CVs via agencies    Diversity &
 Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse environment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclu
sion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


GENERATIVE AI INTERNFEDERATION INTERNATIONALE DE L'AUTOMOBILEBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:HochdorfGENERATIVE AI INTERNGENERATIVE AI INTERN OVERVIEW: For our Digital Technology Department, and under the director of Digital Technology respon
sibility, we are looking for a Generative AI Intern to contribute to exploring the potential of generative AI, working on projects with tangible real-
world implications. MISSIONS AND RESPONSABILITIES:  Collaborate with our Digital Technology team to understand, develop, and implement generative AI s
olution. Participate in exploring and refining machine learning algorithms for processing and analyzing large text datasets. Assist in the development
 and validation of new AI solutions aimed at generating insights from text data. Conduct comprehensive literature reviews to stay updated on the lates
t advancements in generative AI. Present research findings to both technical and non-technical stakeholders within the organisation. Perform rigorous 
testing of models developed to ensure their efficiency and reliability.  PROFILE:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, AI
, or a related field. Experience with machine learning algorithms and generative AI models services as well as  transformer models would be valuable. 
 Strong programming skills, especially in Python and familiarity with libraries such as Flask,  Django and Streamlit.  Strong critical thinking and pr
oblem-solving skills. Excellent communication skills to  effectively articulate complex technical concepts.  Fluent in English, other languages would 
be a plus.  The FIA is committed to diversity and inclusion within its workforce, and encourages all candidates, irrespective of gender, nationality, 
religion or ethnicity, including persons living with disabilities, to apply to become a part of the organisation. Female candidates are particularly e
ncouraged to apply.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior ConsultantZellweger Management Consultants AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Oktober 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäffi
kon SZJunior ConsultantJUNIOR CONSULTANT (M/W/D) Als international tätiges und umsetzungsorientiertes Beratungsunternehmen unterstützen wir unsere Kun
den in den Kernbereichen Digitalisierung & IT, Data Science & AI, Supply Chain & Operations Management sowie Dienstleistungen & Service. Wir ermöglich
en jungen Talenten den Einstieg ins Consulting in den Bereichen: Digitale Geschäftstransformation Supply Chain & Operations Management Service Geschäf
tsmodelle, Smart Services Ihre Stärken – analytisches, strukturiertes Denken, Ausdauer, Durchsetzungsvermögen, Zielstrebigkeit und eine lösungsorienti
erte Arbeitsweise – wollen Sie in Projekten bei unterschiedlichen Unternehmen täglich einsetzen. Sie arbeiten in interdisziplinären Projektteams mit e
rfahrenen Beratern zusammen und unterstützen diese bei der Analyse, Lösungsentwicklung und Umsetzung. Dabei erweitern Sie kontinuierlich Ihre Fähigkei
ten und übernehmen schrittweise Verantwortung. Ihr ausgezeichneter Universitäts- oder Hochschulabschluss (Betriebswirtschaft, Technik, Informatik) wir
d durch unsere Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten zielgerichtet ergänzt. Vertiefte Kenntnisse in Betriebswirtschaft sowie Praktika in Industrie, Handel oder 
Unternehmensberatung erleichtern Ihnen den Einstieg in unser Unternehmen. Deutsch ist Ihre Muttersprache (Fremdsprachige mind. Niveau C2). Zudem verfü
gen Sie über ausgezeichnete Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift. Die MS-Office Tools – Excel, PowerPoint, Word – wenden Sie in der täglichen Arbeit
 auf hohem Niveau an. Wir bieten Ihnen eine Entwicklungsperspektive in der umsetzungsorientierten Unternehmensberatung in einem starken Team, spannend
e internationale Projekte sowie permanente Aus- und Weiterbildung. Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Wir freuen uns darauf, Sie kennen zu lernen. Sende
n Sie Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen bitte an Frau Irmgard Zellweger, E-Mail schreiben. Wir berücksichtigen nur Direktbewerbungen – keine Personalvermittlu
ngen. Jetzt bewerben KontaktZellweger Management Consultants AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.zellweger.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Impact Data AnalystBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfImpact Data Analy
st Your team Pictet Asset Management manages the assets of some of the world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries and their clients. Our c
ulture welcomes independent thinkers and centres on investment excellence, a long-term perspective and dedication to client service. We are seeking to
 recruit an Impact Data Analyst for our Thematic Equities team to help further develop industry-leading thematic impact measurement tools. The success
ful candidate will work closely with our Thematic Impact and Thematic Investment teams. Your role Working with teams across the organisation to develo
p the models, tools and data underlying our thematic investment process, and ensuring they are kept up to date. Ensuring a strong link between bottom-
up company fundamentals and top-down modelling. Helping the growth of institutional client solutions through advanced reporting. Providing tools, supp
ort and training for investment teams and external stakeholders. Developing and maintaining insightful and user-friendly Tableau dashboards for our in
vestment teams. Developing insightful data visualisations for our sustainability reports and thematic product presentations. Attending ad-hoc client m
eetings as subject matter expert. Acting as a interface between IT, AI Analytics and the Thematic Equities team. Managing projects, taking ownership a
nd driving them to successful completion. Your profile An MSc or PhD preferably in the field of science or engineering. Good understanding of LCA and 
EIO (EEMRIO) concepts and associated modelling. Experience with Python, Data Science packages (e.g. pandas, SciPy) and relational database programming
 (SQL). An affinity to fundamental  company analysis. Strong communication skills; Fluent in English (native or equivalent a plus). Passion for data v
isualisation; experience with Tableau a plus. Must have an interest in sustainability and the equity market. Previous exposure to statistical modellin
g, machine learning or NLP a plus. Must be resident in Switzerland or willing to relocate. Note We will not accept any CVs via agencies    Diversity &
 Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse environment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclu
sion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantum Computing Engineer (IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfQuantum Computing Engineer (IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the European Organization for Nucle
ar Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific ins
truments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The pr
ocess gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cer
n.     Job Description    Introduction  Join the team investigating the impact of Quantum Technologies on High Energy Physics at CERN. As a Quantum Co
mputing Engineer, in the context of the CERN Quantum Technology Initiative - https://quantum.cern/ -, you will take a leading role in the design and i
mplementation, of hybrid classical quantum algorithms for different applications in High Energy Physics. You will study state of the art algorithms, u
nderstand their applicability to realistic problems in High Energy Physics, and evaluate their performance on near term hardware while estimating thei
r scalability toward fault tolerant quantum computers. You will strive to build collaborations with experts from different domains from HEP to quantum
 information, from academia to leading research teams in the private sector.  Functions  In the IT Department, Strategy & Executive Governance (GOV) g
roup, you will:  Supervise a team of researchers and students and coordinate R&D activities in emerging data science and computing engineering technol
ogies such as Quantum Computing and Quantum Machine Learning and contribute to assessing their applicability to CERN research activities in the contex
t of the CERN Quantum Technology Initiative; Develop, optimise, deploy algorithms to support the physics experiments workflows in areas such as simula
tion, classification, or anomaly detection using machine learning and deep learning methods, exploring, in particular the performance of Quantum Compu
ting on the different tasks; Contribute to the definition of new standards for the design and deployment of Quantum Computing algorithms on hybrid cla
ssical-quantum computing infrastructure; Perform horizon scans to stay up to date with the latest technology, techniques and methods and look for oppo
rtunities to use technologies and methods within other functions in the Organization.      Qualifications   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relev
ant experience in the field of Quantum computing for Physics or a related field.  Experience:  The candidate should have:  Demonstrated experience in 
implementation and optimisation of Quantum Computing and Quantum Machine Learning  algorithms; Proven experience with computing for High-Energy Physic
s, experiment simulation and analysis software and applications; Previous experience in coordinating teams to evaluate, prototype, and deploy innovati
ve algorithms, and liaise and coordinate with a variety of stakeholders at all levels across the Organization, user communities and innovation partner
s; Experience in Cloud-based solutions for Quantum Computing and data science.   Technical competencies:   Knowledge of programming techniques and lan
guages: (Qiskit, Pennylane, Qibo, scikit-learn, Jax, Keras) Development of application software: , from small prototype applications to complex numeri
cal simulations and technical code development; Identification and selection of relevant emerging ICT technologies: , in particular to implement strat
egies for data classification, anomaly detection, dynamic system simulation.   Behavioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured and 
organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with results in mind Delivering high quality work on time and fulfilling 
expectations. Driving work / projects along and seeing them through to their conclusion. Demonstrating Accountability: working conscientiously and rel
iably; delivering on promises. Taking responsibility for own actions and decisions. Working in Teams: building and maintaining constructive and effect
ive work relationships. Seeking to help other team members when own work is done; supporting others.   Language skills:  Spoken and written English: a
bility to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical specifications and/or scientific reports and to mak
e oral presentations. The willingness to acquire French language will be an asset.     Additional Information    Eligibility and closing date:   Diver
sity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce i
s central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as possible,
 and applications should normally reach us no later than 19.05.2024.  Employment Conditions  Contract type: Limited duration contract (3 years). Subje
ct to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. These functions require:  Work during nights, Su
ndays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD Benchmark Job Title:
 Computing Engineer BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Chargé de projets (H/F)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveChargé de projets (H/F) 
  Introduction   Pour notre division Achats, soutien & infrastructures, nous recherchons un Chargé de projets (H/F) dont la principale mission sera de
 soutenir le déploiement de la digitalisation au sein du département.      Responsabilités     Identifier, piloter et mener des projets d’amélioration
 en lien avec la digitalisation, la BI et le monitoring des activités Développer les indicateurs et visualisations puis réaliser les tests avec les ut
ilisateurs Contribuer à la conduite du changement en formant et en accompagnant les utilisateurs  Être l’ambassadeur et le garant de la veille technol
ogique, des bonnes pratiques de la gestion et de l’utilisation des outils et de la Data Être le représentant technique dans divers groupes transverses
 (durabilité, gestion des risques, amélioration continue, etc.) Être l'interlocuteur privilégié au sein des réseaux Data de divisions       Profil    
 Formation universitaire d’ingénieur généraliste, informatique ou en management Spécialisation Data Visualization, Data Science et/ou amélioration con
tinue, un plus Une première expérience dans un poste similaire, ou dans le domaine des achats, un atout Aptitudes démontrées sur l’utilisation d’outil
s informatiques (Tableau, Power QUery, Teams, SAP ECC, RPA, SharePoint et MS Office) Compétences en gestion de projets, un avantage Appétence pour le 
numérique et à l’aise avec le travail des données Rigueur et esprit d’initiative et analytique Entregent, créativité et autonomie      Conclusion   No
us vous offrons un environnement stimulant, d’excellentes conditions de travail, des solutions de flexibilisation du temps de travail et des prestatio
ns sociales de premier ordre. Nous vous remercions d'adresser un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, certificats et diplômes). I
-Hybrid#L KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://www.rolex.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Quality & Analytics Specialist im PMOBELIMO Automation AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
HinwilData Quality & Analytics Specialist im PMOData Quality & Analytics Specialist im PMO    Ihre Aufgaben   Entwickeln und Implementieren von Richtl
inien und Verfahren zur Sicherstellung der Datenqualität und -Vollständigkeit innerhalb des Projektportfolios, in Übereinstimmung mit den Unternehmens
standards Durchführen von Datenanalysen und statistischen Auswertungen zur Identifikation von Verbesserungs-potenzialen innerhalb der Projektmanagemen
t- und Entscheidungsfindungsprozesse Konzipieren und Implementieren von Dashboards und Reports zur effektiven Datenvisualisierung, um komplexe Datenme
ngen verständlich darzustellen und zugänglich zu machen Sicherstellen der SAP Master Data Compliance und Datenpflegepraktiken, insbesondere die Integr
ität multipler Datentypen innerhalb der Toollandschaft Fördern der interdisziplinären und internationalen Zusammenarbeit, um Synergiepotenziale im Dat
enmanagement zu identifizieren und zu nutzen     Ihr Profil   Abgeschlossenes Studium (ETH/Uni/FH) in Informatik, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Data Science,
 Statistik oder adäquat, mit fundierten Kenntnissen in Datenanalyse und Datenmanagement Fundierte Kenntnisse von Datenanalysetools und -software (z. B
. Power Query, Python, R, SAP) sowie Erfahrung in der Entwicklung & Anwendung von Dashboard- und Reportinglösungen (z. B. SAC, Power BI) Ausgeprägte a
nalytische Fähigkeiten, um umfangreiche Datensätze zu verstehen, zu analysieren, zu visualisieren und in umsetzbare Erkenntnisse zur Unterstützung der
 Entscheidungsfindung umzuwandeln Selbständige, dienstleistungs, lösungsorientierte und teamfähige Arbeitsweise mit proaktivem Ansatz und ganzheitlich
em Denken Verhandlungssichere (B2-C1) Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift     Unser Angebot Spannende und abwechslungsreiche Aufgaben 
mit grossem Gestaltungsspielraum,Interessante Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten, sowohl für Fachexperten wie für Führungskräfte,Eine auf Vertrauen, Integrität
, Kompetenz und Selbstverantwortung basierende Unternehmenskultur,Attraktive interne und externe Weiterbildungsangebote,Umfangreiches Kursangebot im B
elimo-Fitnessstudio und frisch zubereitete Menüs in unserem Personalrestaurant   Bei Fragen helfe ich Ihnen gerne weiter Thomas RilkeTalent Acquisitio
n Specialist BELIMO Automation AG +41 43 843 68 43  Belimo ist ein innovatives und börsenkotiertes Schweizer Clean-Tech Unternehmen mit weltweit über
 2000 Mitarbeitenden und zahlreichen ausländischen Tochter- und Vertriebsgesellschaften. Als Weltmarktführer bei der Entwicklung, der Herstellung und
 dem Vertrieb von Ventilen, Antrieben und Sensoren zur Regelung und Steuerung von Heizungs-, Lüftungs- und Klimaanlagen unterstützen wir unsere Kund
en mit innovativen energieoptimierenden Lösungen. KontaktBELIMO Automation AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager ERPZellweger Management Consultants AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Oktober 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäff
ikon SZSenior Manager ERP Als international tätiges und umsetzungsorientiertes Beratungsunternehmen unterstützen wir unsere Kunden in den Kernbereiche
n Digitalisierung & IT, Data Science & AI, Supply Chain & Operations Management sowie Dienstleistungen & Service. Ihr Aufgabengebiet umfasst folgende 
Tätigkeiten: Führung von Gesamt- und Teilprojekten zur nachhaltigen Entwicklung und Optimierung von Geschäftsprozessen in der Wertschöpfungskette mit 
optimalem, wirtschaftlichem Einsatz von ERP-Systemen in Industrie- und Handelsunternehmen Durchführen von Projekten zur Optimierung der ERP-Nutzung so
wie von Zusatzsystemen wie z.B. CRM, APS, SCM, E-Procurement, WMS Leiten von Programmen zur Unterstützung der digitalen Transformation auf Basis integ
rierter Applikationen Akquisition von Neu- und Folgeprojekten Mitarbeit bei der Weiterentwicklung von Methoden und Werkzeugen Während Ihrer Tätigkeit 
in einem Industrie- bzw. Handelsunternehmen oder in der Unternehmens-/Implementierungsberatung haben Sie Prozesse in Verkauf, Planung, Einkauf, Produk
tion, Logistik und Service weiterentwickelt und optimiert. Zudem kennen Sie die führenden ERP-Systeme. Sie sind eine erfolgsorientierte, kommunikative
 Persönlichkeit, die gerne im Team arbeitet und verfügen über einen ausgezeichneten Universitäts- oder Fachhochschulabschluss (Betriebswirtschaft, Ing
enieurwesen, Informatik). Deutsch ist Ihre Muttersprache (Fremdsprachige mind. Niveau C2). Zudem verfügen Sie über ausgezeichnete Englischkenntnisse i
n Wort und Schrift. Wir bieten Ihnen eine Entwicklungsperspektive in der umsetzungsorientierten Unternehmensberatung in einem starken Team, mit spanne
nden nationalen und internationalen Projekten sowie permanenter Aus- und Weiterbildung. Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Wir freuen uns darauf, Sie ke
nnen zu lernen. Senden Sie Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen bitte an Frau Irmgard Zellweger, E-Mail schreiben. Wir berücksichtigen nur Direktbewerbungen – ke
ine Personalvermittlungen. Jetzt bewerben KontaktZellweger Management Consultants AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.zellweger.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job mel
den


Internship at the Programming Group (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:St.GallenInternship at the Programming Group (m/f/d)The Institute of Computer Science (ICS-HSG) at the University of St.Gallen is a research in
stitute specialized in computer science and dedicated to scientific excellence to foster economic growth and societal well-being. Our fields of expert
ise range from artificial intelligence, cyber security, data science, communication systems, human-computer interaction, programming languages, and so
ftware engineering. We are part of the University of St. Gallen, one of the leading business schools in Europe and are the university's largest instit
ute. Founded in 2018, the ICS-HSG is associated with the newly founded School of Computer Science (SCS) and consists of eight research groups. Learn m
ore about our research and the opportunities to collaborate by browsing the website or by reading our latest annual report. Contact us if you would li
ke to collaborate or if you have any questions.  Internship at the Programming Group (m/f/d)    Your tasks   Contribute to the projects in the group a
t the intersection of programming languages, software engineering, and security Collaborate with the other group members Extend the theoretical result
s already achieved in the research projects Develop software prototypes to demonstrate the applicability of the achieved results     Your profile   co
mpleted high school start bachelor in the field of programming   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of eco
nomics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is on
e of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professio
nal staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Coordinateur projets (H/F)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveCoordinateur projets 
(H/F)   Introduction   Pour notre division Systèmes d’Information, nous recherchons un Coordinateur projets (H/F) dont la mission principale sera d’as
surer le pilotage opérationnel du portefeuille des projets informatiques en lien avec les métiers ainsi que de contribuer aux différentes activités du
 service.      Responsabilités     Pilotage du portefeuille de besoins : analyse des besoins, distribution et aiguillage vers le bon processus de trai
tement (projet, produit, évolution, maintenance) Pilotage du portefeuille de projets : préparation du pilotage trimestriel avec les métiers, suivi des
 actions et de la mise en œuvre des impacts sur le portefeuille Contribuer à la réalisation des reportings à l’attention de la Direction et des Divisi
ons métier Gouvernance : contribuer à l’arbitrage du portefeuille (relecture des propositions et bilans, proposition d’arbitrage) Innovation : partici
per à l’évolution des outils du service notamment en utilisant des nouvelles technologies       Profil     Formation universitaire  Minimum 5 ans d’ex
périence en gestion de portefeuille hybride Produits/Projets  Expérience en gestion de projets notamment dans le contexte informatique  Connaissance d
es outils de gestion de projet (MsProject, PPM, Tableau, Monday, Jira…) et des nouveaux outils (RPA, data science …) Connaissances des méthodes de ges
tion de projet standard et Agiles Qualités relationnelles (capacité de dialoguer avec des interlocuteurs divers et transverses), d’adaptation, proacti
vité et rigueur sont attendues Maîtrise de l’anglais dans un contexte professionnel      Conclusion   Nous vous offrons un environnement stimulant, d’
excellentes conditions de travail, des solutions de flexibilisation du temps de travail et des prestations sociales de premier ordre. Nous vous remerc
ions d'adresser un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, certificats et diplômes). #LI-Hybrid KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://ww
w.rolex.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Répondant qualité (H/F)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BienneRépondant qualité (H/F) 
   Introduction    Pour notre département Logistique Industrielle, nous recherchons un Répondant qualité (H/F) dont la mission principale sera d'être 
la porte d'entrée unique et neutre pour les problèmes de non-conformités (NC) internes et externes en cohérence avec la stratégie qualité du secteur M
écanique.      Responsabilités     Coordonner les actions avec les experts techniques et les acteurs terrain de chaque métier afin d’éradiquer les cau
ses racines et éviter toutes récurrences Participer ou animer des projets de résolution de problèmes complexes et transverses (8D) Prendre part aux di
fférentes démarches qualité transverses au sein du secteur Mécanique (LEAN/OPEX) Animer les rituels de progression de la performance atelier (tableau 
de bord, management visuel, mise en place d’indicateurs pertinents, …) Contribuer à l’amélioration continue (PDCA, 5S, standards documentaires) en int
erne et avec les fournisseurs Participer aux démarches 6-sigma et Data Science gérées par le Département Qualité       Profil     Diplôme d'Ingénieur 
HES, Technicien ES ou CFC de Polymécanicien(ne)/de Qualiticien(ne) avec expériences jugées équivalentes Formation en qualité (par exemple TQ 1) ou exp
érience dans le domaine Maîtrise des outils informatiques usuels, connaissance d'un ERP serait un atout Rigueur, capacité d’analyse et de décision, au
tonomie, proactivité Bonne faculté d’intégration, esprit d’équipe et sens des relations avec expérience dans un rôle transverse Ecoute active, esprit 
de synthèse et communication efficace Loyauté. franchise et collégialité sont indispensables       Conclusion    Nous vous offrons un environnement st
imulant, d’excellentes conditions de travail, des solutions de flexibilisation du temps de travail et des prestations sociales de premier ordre. Nous 
vous remercions d'adresser un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, certificats et diplômes). KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://ww
w.rolex.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Process SolutionsIWB Industrielle Werke BaselBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Basel
Praktikum Process SolutionsPraktikum Process Solutions     Freue dich auf spannende Aufgaben:   Setze deine Fähigkeiten bei der strategischen Weiteren
twicklung des unternehmensweiten Business Process Managements (BPM) sowie der Überarbeitung der IWB Prozesslandschaft zu End-to-End (E2E) orientierten
 Geschäftsprozessen ein. Wirke bei der Modellierung von unternehmensweiten Geschäftsprozessen mit und bringe deine Ideen zur Analyse und Optimierung e
in. Unterstütze bei der Vorbereitung und Begleitung von internen und externen Qualitätsmanagementaudits (ISO 9001 und ISO 14001). Arbeite in vielseiti
gen Projekten und Mandaten innerhalb des Finanzbereichs und von IWB (u.a. Automatisierung durch Workflows oder RPA, Process Mining, Machine Learning) 
mit. Übernehme delegierte administrative und organisatorische Aufgaben des Teams.     Damit machst du uns noch besser:   Du befindest dich in der Endp
hase deines Bachelors oder im Masterstudium (oder Abschluss innerhalb der letzten 12 Monate) mit der Fachrichtung Wirtschaftsinformatik, Betriebswirts
chaft, Data Science oder vergleichbaren Fachrichtungen Idealerweise hast du Erfahrung mit der Modellierung nach BPMN 2.0, im Workflow Management, mit 
Audits im Rahmen von ISO 9001 und/oder in BPM-Umsetzungsprojekten. Transparente und offene Kommunikation lebst du selbstverständlich. Du begeisterst d
ich für neue Technologien und weisst, wie du mit diesen deine Produktivität und Effizienz auf ein neues Level hebst. Modernes Projektmanagement und ku
nden- und prozessorientiertes Arbeiten treibt dich an.   Manche, die schon lange bei IWB dabei sind, finden, dass hier zu arbeiten noch nie so viel Sp
ass gemacht hat. Ob Photovoltaik-Anlage, Wärmepumpe oder Ladestation fürs E-Auto – wir bieten alles aus einer Hand. Das macht unsere Arbeit ganz schön
 bunt. Mindestens so wichtig ist der wunderbare Teamgeist. Dieser kommt nicht von ungefähr. Wir unternehmen nämlich einiges, damit das so ist – und bl
eibt. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Touring Club SuisseTouring Club Suisse (TCS)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:OstermundigenTouri
ng Club SuisseData Quality Manager/in 80-100% (befristet 12 Monate) Für unser Data Quality Team im Bereich Datenmanagement suchen wir per sofort oder 
nach Vereinbarung am Standort Ostermundigen BE eine innovative, zielstrebige und analytisch denkende Persönlichkeit als Data Quality Manager/in. Das k
önnen Sie bewegen  Entwicklung und Implementierung von Strategien zur Datenqualitätsverbesserung Mitarbeit in Projekten zur Datenintegration und -qual
ität, einschliesslich der Nutzung von ETL-Tools Verantwortung für die Qualität der Daten, die aus verschiedenen Geschäftsprozessen stammen Ansprechper
son für Fragen zur Datenqualität, Datenbereinigung und -standardisierung Überwachung der Datenqualitätsmetriken und Durchführung von Datenqualitätsaud
its Identifikation und Behebung von Datenqualitätsproblemen Förderung von Best Practices im Datenmanagement und in der Datenqualitätssicherung  Damit 
gelingt Ihnen der Einstieg  Abgeschlossenes Studium in Wirtschaftsinformatik, Data Science, Informatik oder eine vergleichbare Ausbildung Erfahrung im
 Bereich Datenmanagement, speziell in Datenqualität und ETL-Prozessen Fundierte Kenntnisse in Datenmodellierung, Datenintegration und Datenqualitätspr
inzipien Praktische Erfahrung mit ETL-Tools und Datenbearbeitungswerkzeugen Sicherer Umgang mit SQL und Verständnis für weitere Programmier- oder Skri
ptsprachen Analytische Denkweise, Problemlösungskompetenz und ein hohes Qualitätsbewusstsein Ausgezeichnete Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in Deutsch und g
ute Englischkenntnisse Französischkenntnisse sind ein Plus  Darauf können Sie sich freuen  Eine abwechslungsreiche Tätigkeit in einem spannenden Berei
ch, mit einem motivierten Team sowie ein angenehmes Arbeitsklima Gleitende Arbeitszeiten und Möglichkeit für Homeoffice (gemäss Reglement) Vergünstigu
ngen bei der TCS-Produktepalette Zentraler und moderner Arbeitsort mit guter ÖV-Anbindung Gratisnutzung von TCS Active (Fitnessstudio)  Interessiert? 
Dann bewerben Sie sich noch heute und schreiben Sie mit uns TCS-Geschichte. Beim TCS schätzen und respektieren wir vielfältige Lebenswege und die Dive
rsität der Profile unserer Mitarbeitenden. Gleichbehandlung hat für uns oberste Priorität. Francine Hänni, HR Business Partner, gibt Ihnen unter 058 8
27 30 05 gerne Auskunft zur Stelle. Deshalb gibt es uns seit über 125 Jahren: Rund um den TCS Schweiz - TCS Schweiz Touring Club Schweiz Human Resourc
es Francine Hänni 3072 OstermundigenKontaktTCS Touring Club Schweiz(4)90 Jobshttps://www.tcs.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant Data Analysis 40 - 60 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 60%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
BernResearch Assistant Data Analysis 40 - 60 %Department of DiabetesEndocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism and the Diabetes Center BerneSt
art of employment: 01.07.2024Employment is fixed term for 6 months.The Sensing and Monitoring Lab (samlab) is embedded into the interdisciplinary envi
ronment of the University of Bern, Inselspital Bern, and the Diabetes Center Berne. By combining expertise from the fields of engineering, medicine, a
nd computer science, the samlab focuses on developing innovative sensing technologies that can enhance the management of diabetes.  Research Assistant
 Data Analysis    Tasks The successful candidate will be involved in developing algorithms for our Moonwalk project. The candidate will:  Support the 
team in data analysis of radar sensor data for tracking animal health Apply signal processing methods to time series data Develop and evaluate predict
ive models (e.g., random forests, neural networks) Implement methods for the explainability of the predictive models Clean and visualize data Install 
sensors in animal facilities     Requirements We are looking for enthusiastic candidates with excellent technical skills to join our research group. T
he following qualifications are required:  Currently enrolled in Bachelor or Master studies at the University of Bern Student in Computer Science, Mat
h, Biomedical Engineering, or in a related field Ability to be on-site in Bern Strong expertise in the development of algorithms Knowledge of Python i
ncluding relevant data science, neural network, and deep learning libraries Excellent problem-solving, critical thinking and communication skills Abil
ity to work independently and as part of a team Excellent English language skills     We offer   We provide excellent scientific expertise in a young 
and dynamic environment, and we offer support for a global scientific career with a focus on translational research. You will be hired at the Universi
ty of Bern as a part-time (approx. 40 - 60 %) research assistant (Hilfsassistent:in).     Application and contact For subject-specific questions and i
nformation about the position, please contact Prof. Lilian Witthauer, E-Mail schreiben.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerb
enJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Student research assistants at KOF Swiss Economic InstituteETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsor
t:ZürichStudent research assistants at KOF Swiss Economic InstituteStudent research assistants at KOF Swiss Economic Institute 20%-30%, Zurich, fixed-
term The KOF Swiss Economic Institute at the ETH Zurich is the leading institute for applied research in economics in Switzerland. KOF has a strong co
llaborative environment that promotes exchange between research and administrative staff at different levels and in different functions and is committ
ed to rigorous, applied research on policy-relevant topics with a connection to Switzerland. Project background The successful candidate contributes t
o the project “Firms, workers, and collective bargaining in Switzerland” funded by the Swiss National Science Foundation. A key aim of this project is
 to put together a new dataset of collective bargaining agreements in Switzerland. Using this data, the project examines how collective bargaining aff
ects workers’ wages, wage inequality, and employment, and how it affects firm outcomes and firms’ flexibility to adjust to economic shocks. As a stude
nt research assistant, you will be a member of the research division Swiss labour market at KOF. The division identifies and analyses labour market tr
ends and generates knowledge on how labour markets work, with a particular focus on Switzerland. Job description Your task will be to support the rese
arch staff in all aspects of the field research of this project. You will work closely with the project leaders, Dr. Michael Siegenthaler, head of the
 research division, and Prof. Dr. Dina Pomeranz from the University of Zurich, as well as the postdocs, PhD students and other student research assist
ants involved in the project. You will be responsible for coding the content of Swiss collective bargaining agreements, describing and conducting econ
ometric analyses of microdata, and documenting the findings. The concrete tasks for the position include:  Collecting and codifying data (both quantit
ative and textual) in a structured manner in Zurich, Bern, and Neuchatel Documenting the collected data and its coding in a codebook Linking the assem
bled dataset to individual-level wage data, cleaning the data, and analysing it descriptively using the statistical software packages R or Stata Contr
ibuting to a research article documenting the dataset and the changes in the collective bargaining landscape in Switzerland since 1998  Your profile Y
ou must be enrolled at a Swiss University, preferably in a humanities, social science, or data science track toward the end of your Bachelor or in you
r Master and willing to work between 1 to 2 days per week (15h) for at least 1-2 year for this project, starting July or August 2024. At KOF, working 
time is typically handled very flexibly such that student assistants can take time to study for exams or fulfil other obligations for their studies wh
ile coordinating with the research staff at KOF when their tasks need to be completed. We are looking for individuals with a strong interest in resear
ch in labour topics, particularly trade unions, collective bargaining, labour market policies, and wage inequality. Prior experience in coding, analys
ing, and visualizing data using the statistical software packages R or Stata is desired and an interest in expanding these skills is expected. Strong 
reading and writing skills in German and English are important. The ideal candidate also has a good command of French or Italian and is interested in 
pursuing a PhD. Your workplace Your workplace We offer  A unique opportunity to gain research experience in a supportive and dynamic research group at
 the academic forefront of national and international labour market research An office location in the centre of Zurich, flexible working hours, and w
ork-from-home options An opportunity to gain experience in important data science skills including data coding and cleaning, regression analysis, and 
data visualization in either Stata or R A co-authorship on the codebook and public use file of the new dataset  We value diversity Curious? So are we.
 We look forward to receiving your online application until May 31, 2024, including  a motivation letter that details your interest in labor markets a
 Curriculum Vitae a writing sample in German or English (e.g., Bachelor or Master Thesis, term paper) copies of certificates (including grade records)
 contact information for 1-2 potential referees  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. 
Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about the Institutes KOF Swiss Economic Institute can be found o
n our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to KOF HR Services E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So
 are we. We look forward to receiving your online application until May 31, 2024, including  a motivation letter that details your interest in labor m
arkets a Curriculum Vitae a writing sample in German or English (e.g., Bachelor or Master Thesis, term paper) copies of certificates (including grade 
records) contact information for 1-2 potential referees  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application 
portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about the Institutes KOF Swiss Economic Institute can be
 found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to KOF HR Services E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)9
4 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Scientist in System Sustainability Life Cycle Evaluation 100% (f/m/d)Hitachi Energy AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:AargauScientist in System Sustainability Life Cycle Evaluation 100% (f/m/d) Empower the Future with Hitachi Energy: Join us a
s aScientist in System Sustainability Life Cycle Evaluation     We are looking for a passionate and proficient scientist to join us in evaluating the 
sustainability impact and life cycle of complex products and systems. As part of our dynamic, motivated, and creative team, you’ll bridge theory and a
pplication, developing, testing, and validating novel methods and technologies to facilitate the energy transition.     Your Responsibilities      You
 make a difference:  Spearhead research and development projects creating and implementing methods and tools for the life cycle assessment of current 
and next generation of products and systems     You innovate:  Develop user-friendly tools to estimate the environmental impact of complex systems inc
luding data mining, methods to estimate missing data, and models for linking the environmental impacts between design elements     You take initiative
:  Collaborate with a global team of researchers and engineers in Hitachi Energy Research and Hitachi Energy business units to identify and solve real
-world problems and realize opportunities for further improvements     You connect:  Build relationships within the company and actively share your kn
owledge and expertise. Interact with local and global external partners including universities, start-ups, and vendors.     You communicate:  Dissemin
ate your results in scientific publications, patent applications, and technical reports      Requirements    PhD degree in science, engineering or a r
elevant field   Deep experience in modelling and assessing of the life cycle of complex systems   Relevant experience with data science and programmin
g (e.g. Python, R, etc,)   Committed to taking an interdisciplinary approach, collaborating with experts from different domains to develop cutting edg
e solutions with high strategic impact   Fluency in English, both written and spoken     At Hitachi Energy, we believe in the power of diversity and t
he potential of every person. We are committed creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive. We invite you to apply and join us in shap
ing a sustainable future. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manufacturing Sciences InternBiogen International GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Soloth
urnManufacturing Sciences InternManufacturing Sciences Intern  Full-time Region: EU+/Canada Department: Manufacturing  Job Description Summary Based i
n the state-of-the-art Solothurn biologics drug substance manufacturing facility, the Global Manufacturing Sciences (MS) department provides key techn
ical expertise for process transfer, validation & manufacturing operations at the site. We are offering an internship for 6-8 months for exclusive ins
ights into day-to-day Manufacturing Sciences activities with focus on supporting access, reporting, visualization & analytics of bioprocess data for t
rending & optimization. Position Description In this role, you will be working in conjunction with Manufacturing Scientists and/or Engineers: You supp
ort building & maintaining workflows for access, reporting, visualization & analytics of bioprocess data. You will analyse and trend bioprocess data f
or process validation & optimization. You will support authoring of technical & process validation reports. Qualifications The suitable candidate shou
ld have: Excellent knowledge of bioprocessing & engineering concepts. Experience to organize, visualize & analyse large data sets. Strong communicatio
n, reporting & technical writing skills. Self-driven & positive mindset, team player with desire to make impact. Applicants must be authorized to work
 in Switzerland and enrolled in a MSc or BSc Program. Education Enrolled MSc or BSc in Chemical and/or Bioengineering, Biotechnology or closely relate
d field with strong mathematical or data sciences background. Additional: Duration: 6-8 month immediately Organization Name: Global Manufacturing Scie
nces Location: Biogen International GmbH, Solothurn, Switzerland. Additional Information Why Biogen? Our mission to find therapies for neurological an
d rare diseases is a unique focus within our industry and this shared purpose is what connects us as a team. We work together to overcome obstacles an
d to follow the science. We are resilient as we strive to make an impact on our patients’ lives and on changing the course of medicine. Together, we p
ioneer. Together, we thrive. At Biogen, we are committed to building on our culture of inclusion and belonging that reflects the communities where we 
operate and the patients we serve. We know that diverse backgrounds, cultures, and perspectives make us a stronger and more innovative company, and we
 are focused on building teams where every employee feels empowered and inspired. Read on to learn more about our DE&I effortsKontaktBiogen Internatio
nal GmbH(2)15 Jobshttps://www.biogen.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Werkstudent:in Customer Insights mit Fokus “Instant Customer Feedback” 60-100%AXA Versicherungen AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum
:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WinterthurWerkstudent:in Customer Insights mit Fokus “Instant Customer Feedback” 60-100%Komm zur AXA, der f
ührenden Versicherung der Schweiz - als  Werkstudent:in Customer Insights mit Fokus “Instant Customer Feedback”    Dein Beitrag Dein Beitrag Betreuen 
und Optimieren unseres Kundenfeedback-Programms in Zusammenarbeit mit Medallia, dem führenden Anbieter von Kundenfeedbacksystemen Durchführen von quan
titativen und qualitativen Datenanalysen und Aufbereitung der Ergebnisse Bereitstellen der Daten für verschiedene Stakeholder Aufsetzen neuer Umfragen
 und Prozesse im Rahmen des Kundenfeedback-Programms Vorbereitung monatlicher Reportings Unterstützung im “Run the Business”     Deine Fähigkeiten und
 Talente Deine Fähigkeiten und Talente Mind. im dritten Jahr des Fach- oder Hochschulstudiums von Data Science, Psychologie, Sozialwissenschaften oder
 BWL Erste Erfahrungen in Praktika oder Berufserfahrung wünschenswert Fundiertes Wissen in quantitativen Analysen Technische Affinität Analytische, st
rukturierte und exakte Arbeitsweise Selbstständige Persönlichkeit mit ausgeprägter Kommunikationskompetenz Sehr gute Kenntnisse im Umgang mit Excel un
d PowerPoint Sprachkenntnisse: exzellente Deutschkenntnisse, Englisch fliessend (Sprache und Schrift) Im Bereich Customer Experience & Strategy engagi
eren wir uns tagtäglich mit viel Herzblut dafür, dass unsere Kundinnen und Kunden genauso begeistert von der AXA sind wie wir selbst. Um dieses Ziel z
u erreichen, entwickeln wir unsere Produkte und Strategien ständig weiter. Wir erarbeiten innovative, inspirierende Lösungen – und präsentieren diese 
einfach und verständlich unseren Kundinnen und Kunden, unseren Mitarbeitenden und unseren Partnern sowie Medienschaffenden.    Bewirb dich jetzt! Moti
vationsschreiben? Darauf verzichten wir. Wir freuen uns stattdessen über deine Antworten auf unsere kurzen Fragen zur Stelle im Online-Bewerbungs-Tool
.   Über AXA Jede Erfolgsgeschichte beginnt mit dem Glauben an sich selbst. Als AXA sehen wir uns als Partnerin, die an deiner Seite steht und an dich
 glaubt. Deshalb fordern und fördern wir dich und zeigen dir proaktiv Möglichkeiten für deine Zukunft auf. Wir ermutigen dich und bieten dir Freiräume
, damit du die Dinge, die dir wichtig sind, miteinander verbinden kannst. Gemeinsam mit deinem Engagement und deinem individuellen Beitrag wird daraus
 eine zukunftsweisende Partnerschaft. Für dich, für uns und für unsere Kundinnen und Kunden. Und das nicht nur für den Moment. Sondern auf lange Sicht
. Schreibe jetzt mit uns deine eigene Erfolgsgeschichte. Know You Can. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Full Stack Software Engineer with focus on AI and Big Data (m/f/d)Karakun AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 Juli 2020Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:BaselFull Stack Software Engineer with focus on AI and Big Data (m/f/d) What you can expect You are a vital part of our fast growing bu
siness units Intelligent Language Analytics & Enterprise Search and Measurement Data Management (MDM) You develop custom software for companies from d
ifferent industries with focus on AI, Big Data and Enterprise Search You support the further development of our self-developed HIBU Platform Your are 
part of an agile team consisting of highly motivated experts in the areas of computer linguistics, data science, software engineering as well as UX de
sign and devvelopement What we expect You have comprehensive know-how in artifical intelligence, machine learning and Big Data You are familiar with c
urrent technologies and tools like ElasticSearch, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, etc. You have very good knowledge of Java and Python as w
ell as web development You are able to communicate in German and English You like working in a team and have highly developed communication skills You
 have a university degree in computer science, software engineering, computer linguistics or one of the MINT subjects You are prepared to undertake bu
siness trips You possess a strong customer focus We offer Exciting projects in different domains A commensurate salary and a generous hardware and tra
ining budget A professional working environment in modern offices in the heart of Basel and direct connection to the SBB train station Your contact St
ephan Huber will be happy to answer your questions. Send your email to E-Mail schreiben or call him at +41 61 551 36 00.  Submit your CV How we handle
 your data Further information regarding the handling of your application can be found in our privacy policy and in our privacy statements for applica
nts. Do you want to make a difference with us? Then we look forward to your message!Apply for this job BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Finance automation officerSwissquote Bank SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GlandFinance aut
omation officerFinance automation officer  Full-time  Company Description Building the bank of tomorrow takes more than skills. It means combining our
 differences to imagine, discuss, code, develop, test, learn… and celebrate every step together. Share our vibes? Join Swissquote to unleash your pote
ntial. We are the Swiss Leader in Online Banking and we provide trading, investing and banking services to +500’000 clients, through our performant an
d secured digital platforms. Our +1000 employees work in a flexible way, without dress code and in multicultural teams. By having a huge impact on the
 industry, they are growing their skills portfolio and boosting their career in a fast-pace environment Are you all in? Don’t be shy, apply! Job Descr
iption We are seeking a motivated and talented master's student to join our team for a project. Under the guidance of our experienced professionals. Y
ou will have the opportunity to contribute to real-world projects and gain valuable hands-on experience in finance and in technology banking.  In-hous
e Management Tools: Leverage your programming expertise to enhance internal systems and processes in the areas of accounting and financial controlling
 Reporting: Contribute to the automation of internal and external processes and regulatory reporting Financial Analysis: Conduct data-driven financial
 analysis to support decision-making Ad-hoc Projects: Participate in transversal projects in collaboration with various stakeholders within the bank  
Qualifications  Master's degree in a Quantitative field, Computer Science or Data Science Expertise in Python for data analysis is a must Knowledgeabl
e in JavaScript, HTML, Django and CSS for web development and data visualization Excellent command of MS Excel (including VBA) Fluent in French and/or
 in English Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Proactive mindset, with ability to work independently in a collaborative environment Excellen
t communication and interpersonal skills. Self-driven with a “can do” attitude  Additional Information SQ1KontaktSwissquote Bank(0)36 Jobshttps://en.s
wissquote.com/company/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in First Language Acquisition ResearchUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:ZürichPhD Position in First Language Acquisition ResearchThe NCCR Evolving Language (www.evolvinglanguage.ch) invites applications for a PhD po
sition in an interdisciplinary project on the evolution of languages, their structures, and usage patterns over time and space, and under diverse soci
al and population-historical conditions. The successful applicant will work in a project focusing on input features in child-directed speech comparing
 neurotypical and autistic children. The NCCR is a Swiss National Center of Competence in Research with the goal of creating a new discipline, Evoluti
onary Language Science, that targets the past and future of language. The center consists of leading scientists from traditionally separated academic 
domains, which allows us to harvest the diverse expertise from the humanities, social sciences, computational sciences, natural sciences and medicine 
towards a broadscale interdisciplinary collaboration.  PhD Position in First Language Acquisition Research    Your responsibilities Employment is at 8
0% FTE (including 10 % teaching assistant tasks). The position is a training opportunity and the successful candidate is expected to use the remaining
 unpaid 20 % for their own further training and skill development.   Your profile The successful candidates have a background in (general) linguistics
, good data science skills (in particular statistical modeling of corpus and database data), and are ready to step out of their disciplinary comfort z
ones. Specializations in language acquisition research is a plus. Basic knowledge of anthropology, biology, or psychology are welcome additions. The N
CCR Evolving Language places great emphasis on teamwork and multidisciplinary perspectives. Excellent communication and collaboration skills are essen
tial.   What we offer PhD positions lead to a dissertation and can be financed up to 4 years. We offer an interdisciplinary, collaborative and support
ive work environment. UZH offers excellent opportunities and strong support for career development. Salaries are internationally competitive: Salary r
anges, guidelines for employees in SNF-funded projects (PDF)  We take gender balance and diversity seriously in our hiring decisions.   Further inform
ation Please direct all inquiries to E-Mail schreiben.KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship – Middle Office Liquid Strategies, 80 – 100%LGT Capital Partners AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäffikon SZInternship – Middle Office Liquid Strategies, 80 – 100%  Job Description   This internship is an exciting opportuni
ty to gain insights into all areas of asset management at the interface of investment management, IT, business development and operations. We are look
ing for a candidate who can join our team in April or May for a duration of 6 months.   Your main tasks within the Middle Office Liquid Strategies tea
m include:   Post trade support and shadow accounting (e.g. trouble shooting, reconciliations) for our suite of funds under management;   Pricing and 
valuation review for funds under management, including liaising with service providers as needed   Production of daily, monthly and quarterly client r
eports;   Participating in the further automation of processes, data and systems;   Independent ownership of smaller projects on business, IT and data
-side.        Requirements      You are currently completing a higher education in business administration (university or university of applied scienc
es) with specialization in banking & finance; data sciences, economics, or similar subject;   High interest in traditional and alternative asset manag
ement looking for an opportunity to apply your theoretical skillset in practical terms;   Strong affinity for data management and IT in general, excel
lent skills in MS-Excel, SQL skills as a plus;   Very good command of German and English;   Flexibility and the ability to thrive in a dynamic work en
vironment; meticulous attention to detail;   Service-oriented, proactive and assertive team player.      Application guideline    Application deadline
 is 21 April 2024.   Please apply directly by submitting your motivation letter, CV, diplomas, grade transcripts and reference letters (if applicable)
.    Kindly note that we cannot provide work visa sponsorship for this role.       Contact Information   If you are interested in becoming an integral
 part of a successful alternative investment management team in an international, multicultural working environment we will be pleased to get to know 
you soon.For further information please contact us.Stefanie WeigeltHuman ResourcesLGT Capital Partners AG, PfaeffikonContact:+41 58 261 86 33 KontaktL
GT Capital Partners AG(0)32 Jobshttps://www.lgtcp.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Celonis Data Engineer (all genders)Swiss International Air Lines AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellun
gArbeitsort:NorderstedtSenior Celonis Data Engineer (all genders)Senior Celonis Data Engineer (all genders) Du hast Lust, einen wichtigen Beitrag zur 
Digitalisierung und Innovation in- und außerhalb der Luftfahrtbranche zu leisten? Dann bist du bei Lufthansa Industry Solutions genau richtig! Fakten 
    Standort Norderstedt, Raunheim, Stuttgart     Einstiegslevel Direkteinstieg     Berufsfeld Consulting, IT     Arbeitszeit Vollzeit oder Teilzeit A
ls Celonis Data Engineer (all genders) bist du Teil eines Teams, das Kundenanforderungen analysiert, innovative Lösungen erarbeitet und diese mittels 
state-of-the-art Technologien umsetzt.  Analyse der Geschäftsprozesse und Entwicklung der Lösungsarchitektur sowie Umsetzung komplexer Datenmodelle An
alyse von großen Datenmengen, Begleitung inhaltlicher Änderungen unter Anwendung von Methoden des Process Minging Weiterentwicklung von Analysemöglich
keiten und Business Intelligence Technologien (insbesondere Celonis, aber auch z.B. Signavio, UiPath PAFnow und Microsoft Power BI) Umsetzung komplexe
r Anforderungen mithilfe von Automatisierungstools (Process/ Flow Builder und Point-and-Click Anwendungen), Übernahme von (Teil-) Projektverantwortung
 und Steuerung von Entwicklungsressourcen Entwurf, Optimierung und Überwachung der Datenmodelle und Datenanbindungen (ETL), um eine bestmögliche und r
eal-time fähige Datenarchitektur aufzubauen  Stefanie Lumpe Process Driver Recruiting & Personalmarketing Lufthansa Industry Solutions AS GmbH Altersv
orsorge / Betriebsrente, Flugvergünstigungen, Rabatte / Einkaufsmöglichkeiten, Mobiles Arbeiten möglich, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Entwicklungsprogramme
 / Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten, Mentoring Wir sind Wegbereiter und Wegbegleiter auf dem Weg in eine digitale Zukunft. Mach dich mit uns auf den Weg! L
aura plaudert aus dem Nähkästchen Auch Isabel berichtet von ihren Erfahrungen.  Abgeschlossene Ausbildung / abgeschlossenes Studium und einschlägige B
erufserfahrung im Bereich IT Mindestens zwei Jahre einschlägige Berufserfahrung im Data Science-/Data Engineering-Umfeld; sehr gutes Verständnis von S
QL/PQL und Python, optional von weiterführenden Konzepten wie Maschine Learning Kenntnisse im Umgang mit Process Mining Lösungen (bspw. Celonis) Stark
es Interesse an der Implementierung und Operationalisierung von Prozessen rund um das Thema Process Mining Hohe Eigeninitiative, Abstraktionsfähigkeit
, Pragmatismus und Spaß an unterschiedlichen Branchenthemen Fließende Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Bereitschaft zu projektbezogenen Reisetätigkeite
n  Lufthansa Industry Solutions ist ein Dienstleistungsunternehmen für IT-Beratung und Systemintegration. Die Lufthansa-Tochter unterstützt ihre Kunde
n bei der digitalen Transformation ihrer Unternehmen. Die Kundenbasis umfasst sowohl Gesellschaften innerhalb des Lufthansa Konzerns als auch mehr als
 300 Unternehmen in unterschiedlichen Branchen. Das Unternehmen mit Hauptsitz in Norderstedt beschäftigt über 2.500 Mitarbeiter an mehreren Niederlass
ungen in Deutschland, Albanien, der Schweiz und den USA.www.lufthansa-industry-solutions.com Teilen über Ihren Social Media Account Klicken Sie auf ei
nes der Icons: Zum Kopieren des Links klicken Sie auf folgendes Icon:KontaktSwiss International Air LInes AG(0)41 Jobshttps://www.swiss.comBewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer Digitalisation (m/w) - Schmid AutomationFX Automation AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:St. GallenSoftware Engineer Digitalisation (m/w) - Schmid AutomationSoftware Engineer Digitalisation (m/w) Für die Niederlassung St. Gall
en suchen wir zur Verstärkung unseres jungen und motivierten Teams einen Software Engineer Digitalisation (m/w). Deine Aufgaben  Lösen von Digitalisie
rungsaufgaben für die diskrete Fertigung und Prozessindustrie Applikationserstellung für die Vernetzung von Shopfloor (Mensch und Maschine) mit der Pr
oduktionsleitebene sowie der Unternehmensleitebene Datenverarbeitung und Datenvisualisierung mit BI-Tools Durchführung von Software Tests in enger Zus
ammenarbeit mit dem Projektleiter und unseren Kunden Mithilfe bei der Klärung von Kundenanforderungen und deren Umsetzung in Pflichtenhefte Inbetriebn
ahme der Software, Bedienerschulung und Aftersales Service im In- und Ausland Dokumentation der Software-Erstellung, Roll-out und Training in allen Ph
asen  Dein Profil Du bist offen für neue Ideen und schätzt es in einer leistungsorientierten Umgebung zu arbeiten, die von gegenseitigem Respekt und Z
usammenarbeit getragen wird. Dabei bringst Du folgende Voraussetzungen mit:  Technische Grundausbildung als Informatiker/in EFZ, Automatiker/in EFZ od
er Vergleichbarem Weiterbildung zum Techniker/in oder Ingenieur/in, vorzugsweise in Fachrichtung Informatik, Data Science oder Elektrotechnik Du bist 
versiert im Umgang mit Technologien wie JavaScript, TypeScript, React und Node.js Du kennst dich mit SQL-Datenbanken aus und hast idealerweise bereits
 Erfahrung mit Datenintegration und Datenvisualisierung mit Tools wie Qlik oder Power BI Du hast eine hohe Bereitschaft dich immer wieder in neue Tech
nologien einzuarbeiten Du hast Freude an direktem Kundenkontakt und eine selbständige und strukturierte Arbeitsweise ist für Dich eine Selbstverständl
ichkeit Du verfügst über gute Englischkenntnisse und wendest diese auch gerne bei Deinen Einsätzen im Ausland an Durch Deine hohe soziale Kompetenz fö
rderst Du ein Klima der Zusammenarbeit über Abteilungsgrenzen hinaus und verstehst es Kollegen und Kunden gleichermassen zu begeistern  Wir bieten Dir
 eine herausfordernde Tätigkeit mit viel Freiraum für Kreativität in einem kleinen, dynamischen Team. Bist du eine zielgerichtete, hochmotivierte Pers
on und suchst eine spannende, neue Aufgabe mit Karrierepotenzial, dann freuen wir uns auf Deine Bewerbungsunterlagen in digitaler Form. E‑Mail: E-Mail
 schreibenBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in First Language Acquisition - Gurung ProjectUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position in First Language Acquisition - Gurung ProjectThe NCCR Evolving Language (www.evolvinglanguage.ch) invites applicati
ons for one PhD position to work in a project studying and documenting the use and the acquisition of Gurung, a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in Wester
n Nepal. The NCCR is a Swiss National Center of Competence in Research with the goal of creating a new discipline, Evolutionary Language Science, that
 targets the past and future of language. The center consists of leading scientists from traditionally separated academic domains, which allows us to 
harvest the diverse expertise from the humanities, social sciences, computational sciences, natural sciences and medicine towards a broadscale interdi
sciplinary collaboration.  PhD Position in First Language Acquisition - Gurung Project    Your responsibilities Employment is at 80 % FTE (including 1
0 % teaching assistant tasks). The position is a training opportunity and the successful candidate is expected to use the remaining unpaid 20 % for ow
n further training and skill development. The successful candidate is expected to acquire a working knowledge of Nepali in the first phase of their em
ployment. Further, the position requires fieldwork, i.e. the candidate will spend several months at a time in a remote village in Nepal to record chil
dren and adults, and to conduct experiments.   Your profile The successful candidate has a background in linguistics and/or developmental psychology o
r language acquisition research. Familiarity with languages of Nepal, command of Nepali, fieldwork experience, and good data science skills and experi
ence in conducting experiments are welcome assets. The NCCR Evolving Language places great emphasis on teamwork and multidisciplinary perspectives. Ex
cellent communication and collaboration skills are essential. Further, cultural sensitivity is a must.   What we offer The position is financed up to 
4 years, subject to yearly performance review; the PhD position leads to a dissertation under the main supervision of Professor Sabine Stoll together 
with other colleagues. Further, cultural sensitivity is a must. UZH offers excellent opportunities and strong support for career development. Salaries
 are internationally competitive: Salary ranges, guidelines for employees in SNSF-funded projects SNCF salary ranges  We take gender balance and diver
sity seriously in our hiring decisions.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:
60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausanne(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos is a global mana
gement and technology consultancy. We shape the digital future together with our clients.    "Data is becoming the central resource of every company. 
We help our clients to unlock the value of their data."    Our Data & AI team helps companies make the most of their data to make informed business de
cisions and gain a competitive advantage. We support our clients along the entire data value chain: encompassing data and AI strategy development, dat
a management, finding innovative use cases, managing projects, implementing cloud and on-prem platforms, data engineering, and training of GenAI and m
achine learning models.      That’s the job – Your main tasks at Eraneos:       In our dynamic and enthusiastic community of around 50 Data & AI consu
ltants located in Switzerland, you will engage in diverse projects directly with clients, tackling their challenges head-on using quantitative methods
. Collaborating with the community to exchange knowledge and actively participating in and influencing the expansion of our rapidly evolving services 
are integral aspects of the role.     Your tasks include:      Advising the customer on topics relating to data and data engineering, understanding th
e client’s challenges, and deriving suitable solution recommendations     Executing client projects in various roles      Supporting the acquisition o
f new projects     Help shape Eraneos and the Data & AI team in particular        This job is for you, if      You love solving problems and you want 
to help tackle our customers' challenges using the most appropriate means.     You have experience in data engineering and the relevant technologies, 
for example SQL, Snowflake, databricks, dbt, Hadoop, Spark, Python, ...     You have experience in dealing with various database technologies and larg
e data sets.    You have experience in building and automating data pipelines, have helped shape the architecture, have taken care of data extraction,
 data load and data transformation.     You have experience in cloud environments, ideally Azure or AWS.     You possess strong communication skills a
nd enjoy collaborating with colleagues and working with various clients.    You possess practical consulting and project experience, coupled with a ha
nds-on, results-driven mindset.    You have an ETH or university master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as computer science, data science,
 mathematics, physics, mechanical or electrical engineering.     Your German or French language skills are business fluent, and you speak English.    
   As the icing on the cake, you bring along      Certification for Azure, AWS, GCP, Snowflake KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eran
eos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant:in für Digitale Geschäftsmodelle 80-100% Siemens Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vert
rag:PraktikumSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Zug        Gemeinsam mit unseren Kund:innen verbinden wir die reale und
 die digitale Welt.  Als eines der führenden Technologieunternehmen beschäftigt Siemens in der Schweiz rund 6000 Mitarbeitende. Mit unseren wegweisend
en Lösungen in den Bereichen Gebäudetechnik, Energie, Mobilität, Gesundheit und Industrie gestalten wir die Zukunft. Als Praktikant:inbist du ein wich
tiger Teil unseres #TeamSiemens. Willst auch du aktiv am Puls der Zeit mitwirken und das Leben von Millionen von Menschen in der Schweiz besser machen
? Dann bist du bei uns genau richtig! Bewirb dich noch heute als «Praktikant:in für digitale Geschäftsmodelle».  Deine neuen Aufgaben   Aktive Mitgest
altung von «Industrie 4.0»: Erarbeitung von Konzepten für die Digitalisierung von Innovationsprozessen und deren Implementierung Selbstständiges Durch
führen von Teilprojekten im Umfeld von SAFe / agiler Entwicklung, an der Schnittstelle zwischen IT und Business Aktive Unterstützung bei der Planung u
nd Organisation von internationalen Workshops Übernahme von (Teil-)Aufgaben im Changemanagement, Requirements Engineering, KPI-Monitoring, in der Date
n-/Prozessstandardisierung und Unterstützung bei der Implementierung in den Regionen Europa, Amerika und Asien Anwendung von Methoden im Umfeld von Pr
oduktmanagement (z.B. Design Thinking) Erarbeitung regelmässiger Kommunikationsinhalte und Verwalten der internen Kommunikationskanäle Erarbeiten von 
Funktionsinhalten für das Projektteam (z.B. PoCs, Dokumentation und Trainings) Unterstützung des Projektteams bei administrativen und strategischen Au
fgaben Flexibles Arbeiten und Remote Working möglich (2-3 Tage Präsenz in Zug)   Deine Talente und Erfahrungen   Immatrikuliert an einer Universität o
der Fachhochschule im Bereich Wirtschaft, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Information Science, Data Science, Digital Business Management oder als Wirtschaftsin
genieur:in. Sie befinden sich mind. im 4. Semester oder in einer Pause zwischen Bachelor und Master. Sie verfügen über Grundkenntnisse in den Bereiche
n Projekt-, Changemanagement und agile Arbeitsmethoden. Ein «Digital First»-Mindset gehört zu Ihren Überzeugungen. Affinität für neue (IT-)Technologie
n. Grundwissen über IT-Infrastruktur ist von Vorteil. Sehr gute MS-Office-Kenntnisse Analysefähigkeit und eine strukturierte, selbstständige Arbeitswe
ise Interkulturelle Kommunikation und eine Bereitschaft für Reisen, max. 20% Verhandlungssicher in Deutsch und Englisch in Wort und Schrift Start ab A
nfang August 2024 bis Ende August 2025   Deine Vorteile   Mobiles Arbeiten in der gesamten Schweiz Aufbau eines internationalen Karrierenetzwerks Erfa
hrungen sammeln bei einem der grössten Tech-Arbeitgeber der Schweiz Mitgliedschaft bei der 200-köpfigen Siemens Student Association     So ist es, bei
 uns zu arbeiten Wir legen viel Wert auf eine offene und flexible Arbeitskultur, bei der jede:r sich selbst sein kann. Chancengerechtigkeit und Vielfa
lt sind uns wichtig und tragen zu einer bereichernden Unternehmenskultur bei. Mobiles Arbeiten ist ein gelebtes Prinzip, das unseren Mitarbeitenden ei
ne ausgewogene Work-Life-Balance und mehr Autonomie bietet.  Erfahre mehr       Häufig gestellte Fragen und deine Ansprechperson    Hier   findest du 
eine Sammlung häufig gestellter Fragen sowie die Möglichkeit, uns direkt zu kontaktieren.   Ich freue mich auf deine Bewerbung. DianaTalent Acquisitio
n Information für Personalvermittlungen: Siemens Schweiz nimmt für diese Position keine Bewerbungen von Personalvermittlungen entgegen. Vielen Dank fü
r das Verständnis.     KontaktSiemens Schweiz AG(14)174 Jobshttps://www.siemens.ch/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Civil servantsSIB Institut Suisse de BioinformatiqueBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveCivi
l servantsThe SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics is an internationally recognized non-profit organization, dedicated to biological and biomedical d
ata science. Its data scientists are passionate about creating knowledge and solving complex questions in many fields, from biodiversity and evolution
 to medicine. They provide essential databases and software platforms as well as bioinformatics expertise and services to academic, clinical, and indu
stry groups. SIB federates the Swiss bioinformatics community of some 800 scientists, encouraging collaboration and knowledge sharing. The institute c
ontributes to keeping Switzerland at the forefront of innovation by fostering progress in biological research and enhancing health.  To reinforce our 
teams in (Basel, Zurich, Geneva and Lausanne) , we are interested in Civil servants How you will contribute   - Technical support for research work, a
s part of life science data-driven projects. - Administrative and/or logistical support for the project(s) concerned.    What you are bringing    Esse
ntial skills and education: - Scientific and/or IT knowledge- Proficiency in standard IT and office software - For administrative support: studies or 
a  diploma in administration, finance, HR, legal or communication   Desired skills:  - Very good command of English - Enthusiastic and curious - Metic
ulous  Assignments within the framework of projects which serve the interests of the civil servant (undergraduate, doctoral, seminar, semester work, e
tc.) are prohibited.  Minimum assignment duration: 1 month     How to apply  SIB is committed to ensuring and fostering diversity and equal opportunit
ies in the workplace as well as in the scientific ecosystem. If you are interested in joining one of our teams, please submit your civil servant appli
cation including CV and letter of motivation stating your work location of preference through our online portal by clicking the "Apply" button.Please 
make sure to subscribe to our mailing list as well to be kept up-to-date about our job offers. We are looking forward to hearing from you!     Please 
note that this service is part of the Swiss Confederation's ZIVI program. Applications that are not part of the program will not be processed and we w
ill not take any further action.   BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DHBW Studentin (all genders) Informatik/Wirtschaftsinformatik BScBaloise Versicherung AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselDHBW Studentin (all genders) Informatik/Wirtschaftsinformatik BSc                                                    
    Dein Job in Kürze                                                    Praxis im Unternehmen, Theorie in der Schule und beides aufeinander abgestimm
t: Dich erwartet ein toller Mix für deine Weiterentwicklung! Als Studi kommst du an einen dualen Ausbildungsplatz - egal, ob du dich für Informatik; W
irtschaftsinformatik- Application Management oder Data Science und künstliche Intelligenz interessierst.                                              
                  Was dich erwartet                                                  Spannung, Spiel und Schokolade! Nein, Witz! – Spannung, Spass und
 Studium. - Aber wie kriegen wir das hin?    Ganz einfach, du bist dual unterwegs: Einerseits studierst du an der DHBW in Lörrach, machst dort deinen 
Bachelor; und andererseits sind wir dein Ausbildungspartner. Heisst, was du bei uns in der Praxis lernst, findest du auch in den Studieninhalten wiede
r und umgekehrt. Dadurch entwickelst du ein anderes Interesse wie tieferes Verständnis, für das was du tust.    Dual bedeutet, du bist blockweise im E
insatz: 3 Monate Studium, 3 Monate Baloise – so kannst du dich sowohl in den Unistoff. als auch in deine Aufgaben bei uns im Unternehmen vertiefen. Je
 nachdem, wofür du dich interessierst, setzen wir dich in unseren IT-Bereichen ein. Idealerweise finden wir so heraus, worin du dich spezialisieren ma
gst. Ziel ist es, dass du anhand spannender Praxisarbeiten deine Bachelorarbeit schreiben kannst. Hierbei unterstützen wir dich gern fachlich wie wiss
enschaftlich.                                                            Was wir erwarten                                                  Dass du uns
 von deinen Vorstellungen erzählst: Warum möchtest du bei uns einsteigen? Welche Studienrichtung möchtest du wählen und wieso? Erzähl doch gern mal vo
n dir: Wer bist du? Was machst du? Was interessiert dich? Was sind deine Pläne und Vorstellungen an eine duale Ausbildung? Bitte sende uns auch deinen
 CV und dein letztes Zeugnis! So können wir dich besser kennenlernen.    Wichtig: Bring dich bei uns ein! Lass uns an deinen Gedanken und Ideen teilha
ben! Stell deine Fragen! Es ist immer gut, frischen Wind im Unternehmen zu haben. Du hast fachlich wie organisatorisch Betreuende, die dich unterstütz
en und dir helfen, dich mutig wie menschlich weiterzuentwickeln. Wir legen hier grossen Wert, dass du sowohl fachlich wie persönlich in der Ausbildung
 bei uns wächst.    Wir suchen junge Menschen, die sich für Informatik interessieren, die ein gesundes Selbstvertrauen haben, konstruktiv Feedback geb
en und annehmen, die lernen und fleissig sind, auch neugierig bleiben und gern Neues ausprobieren. KontaktBaloise Versicherung AG(0)78 JobsBewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


ROLLOMATIC CAREERSEPFL Master InternshipPreventive Maintenance(M/W) 100%Rollomatic SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungArbeitsort:Le LanderonROLLOMATIC CAREERSEPFL Master InternshipPreventive Maintenance(M/W) 100%ROLLOMATIC CAREERS11.03.2024  EPFL Master I
nternshipPreventive Maintenance(M/W) 100%The cutting tools necessary for manufacturing smartphones, tablets, aircraft, cars and medical devices are hi
gh-tech products made on high-precision machines with high-performance software. Rollomatic designs, manufactures, markets, and maintains these produc
tion systems worldwide with nearly 400 employees. THEME OF THE WORK:"PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE FOR CNC MACHINES" YOUR PROFILE:   Master student, oriented
 towards mechanics, micro-engineering and data science looking for a part-time/full-time position as an intern   Good knowledge in sensors integration
, data acquisition and familiarity with data analysis tools   Strong interest in domains such as data analysis, predictive maintenance, and software d
evelopment   Motivation for engineering application in the heart of Swiss-made high-precision industry  YOUR MISSION:   Collaborate with our interdisc
iplinary team to integrate and develop a Smart health program for monitoring the status of CNC machines and devices by means of different sensors   Wo
rk on data collection, integration, and collection to ensure early detection of equipment issues   Assist in creating user friendly interfaces for our
 engineers to access and interpret machine data   Implementation of these solutions with an adequate framework  YOUR TAKE:   This internship project o
ffers you the opportunity to immerse yourself in a unique environment that combines industrial aspects, the development of data analysis methods and t
heir implementation   You will be integrated into a team of professional developers and engineers, following modern working methodologies   Your resea
rch and development work brings significant added value to our customers, contributing to the improvement of a core domain   Finally, this research wo
rk can possibly continue with a Master thesis, PhD project or employment at Rollomatic  WORKPLACE:- Your workplace will be shared between EPFL Innovat
ion Park and Rollomatic Headquarter (Le Landeron)- Partial remote work possible Application deadline: 31.05.2024 Are you interested in this challenge?
 Please send your application (EN or FR) at: E-Mail schreiben  OCT 2023-OCT 2024CHKontaktRollomatic SA(1)13 Jobshttps://www.rollomatic.chBewerbenJob m
erkenDiesen Job melden


Working Student Process- & Data Management (50-70%)SIX Group AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:50 – 70%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:ZürichWorking Student Process- & Data Management (50-70%)        SIX treibt die Transformation der Finanzmärkte voran.    Was uns unterscheidet, 
treibt uns voran: Zwischen lokalen Wurzeln und globaler Relevanz sind wir eine einzigartige Mischung aus Tradition und Zukunft, aus Fundament und Wach
stum. Wir schätzen kluge Köpfe und inspirieren sie, mit ihren Ideen zu wachsen. Komm und gestalte die Zukunft der Finanzmärkte mit uns.        Working
 Student Process- & Data Management (50-70%)  Zurich |50-70% | Referenz 6307       Du möchtest neben deinen Studium erste Berufserfahrungen sammeln un
d einen wichtigen Beitrag zur Qualität des Schweizer Finanzplatzes leisten? Du hast ein Flair sowohl für IT wie auch wirtschaftliche Themen? Dann such
en wir genau dich! Die Corporate IT von SIX ist das Kompetenzzentrum für Betrieb, Entwicklung und Innovation von Services. Als Infrastruktur Betreiber
 unterliegt die IT internen und externen Regulationen und Vorgaben. Diese werden jeweils in Audits (intern/extern), Assessments (intern/extern) sowie 
Penetration Test (intern/extern) laufend überprüft. Als Working Student für Prozess- und Data Management unterstützt du das Team IT Audit/Assessment C
oordination in unterschiedlichen technischen wie auch administrativen Tätigkeiten im GRC-Umfeld (Governance, Risk, Compliance).   Als modernes, dynami
sches und innovatives Unternehmen bieten wir eine Vielzahl von Möglichkeiten, dein Potenzial in der spannenden Welt von Technologie und Finanzen zu en
tfalten. Wir unterstützen dich bei deinem Berufseinstieg, investieren in deine Entwicklung und die Erweiterung deiner persönlichen Fähigkeiten. Als «W
orking Student» bis du Teil unserer NextGen Community und bist Teil eines Netzwerks von engagierten Career Starter.     Das sind Deine Aufgaben  Analy
se und Pflege von Informationen für eine transparente GRC-Portfolio Ansicht für den SIX IT Bereich Unterstützung bei der Koordination von Planung und 
Durchführung von GRC Vorhaben Mithilfe bei der Entwicklung eines effektiven GRC Issue Trackings Entwicklung und Durchführung von GRC-Coachings, Beratu
ngen und Anleitungen Organisation von GRC Meetings (inkl. Meeting Minutes) auf verschiedenen Stufen (In den Bereichen IT, Risk, Security, Compliance, 
Internal Audit) Mithilfe bei der stetigen Entwicklung von Verbesserungen in der GRC Landschaft (prozessual, operational)    Das Bringst Du mit  Aktuel
les Masterstudium vorzugsweise in den Bereichen Computer Science, Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder Business Administration Erste Berufserfahru
ngen in einem vergleichbaren Umfeld sind ein Plus Technische IT-Affinität generell mit ersten Erfahrung in Teams, Jira und Confluence sind von Vorteil
 Analytische, strukturierte sowie eigenständige Arbeitsweise Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift   Bei Fragen steht dir Jani
ne Reichlingunter der Nummer +41 58 399 42 99 zur Verfügung.   Für diese Vakanz berücksichtigen wir ausschliesslich Direktbewerbungen.   Diversität is
t uns wichtig, daher freuen wir uns über Bewerbungen unabhängig vom persönlichen Hintergrund. KontaktSIX(13)32 Jobshttps://www.six-group.com/en/career
s.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


MI Business and Financial Analyst & ControllerEFG Bank AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Gen
eveMI Business and Financial Analyst & Controller EFG offers a stimulating working environment for talented individuals with a strong entrepreneurial 
spirit. We encourage our people to take a hands-on approach and give them the freedom to innovate while benefiting from the support of a dynamic and v
alue-creating team culture. The successful candidate will be part of the dynamic MIS (Management Information System and control) team within Planning 
and Controlling Department in response to the high demand for quality MI and financial data of banking business. Reporting directly to the Head of MIS
 s/he will be involved in all aspects of data analysis, management and quality control. This is an exciting role for someone looking for a large and i
n-depth exposure as a financial and business controller within the Private Banking Industry. The role will be MI System Analyst and Controller. Positi
on tasks: Support MIS team in day-to-day delivery of MIS data and reports to key stakeholders; Trouble-shoot issues related to data structure, data qu
ality and reporting during migration project; Perform data testing and provide user training upon requests; Participate in the projects of data alignm
ent and standardization; Identify and evaluate potential risks and exceptions related to system upgrade and migration; Develop strong relationship wit
h IT and other key stakeholders to build functional reporting and data control framework; Maintain efficient interfaces between Accounting and Financi
al Reporting System, Core banking system and MI system. Position Skills: Have a proved professional experiences in the Banking or financial services i
ndustry; Microsoft tools, including Excel (Power Query) and PowerPoint, and also possess advanced computer skills (SQL, VBA, SAS is a plus) for extrac
tion, manipulation and analysis of large and complex data-sets; Power BI knowledge; Problem-solving skills: curious individual with analytical abiliti
es to examine the current processes and come up with creative and practical ways of solving them; Proactive attitude and willingness to take on new kn
owledge and skills; “Fast learner” and ability to work under pressure / adapt to unforeseen work demands with a commitment to deadlines and deliverabl
es; Good communication skills to communicate effectively with internal stakeholders at all levels; Holder of Accounting / Finance, business school deg
ree. Additional degree in Data Science or  IT degree (HEC or equivalent); Fluent in English, French a plus. KontaktEFG Bank AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen
 Job melden


Touring Club SuisseTouring Club Suisse (TCS)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:OstermundigenTou
ring Club SuisseInternship – Data Analytics and AI - Komoot for Urban Cyclist Touring Club Schweiz (TCS) is Switzerland's leading mobility organizatio
n dedicated to ensuring that its members have a safe and pleasant travel experience. With a keen focus on cycling, TCS promotes bike safety through a 
variety of initiatives. From providing real-time traffic warnings to road assistance for bikers, TCS plays a pivotal role in enhancing the biking expe
rience in Switzerland. Your challenges during the Internship In this 6-months internship, you will work on a project aimed at collecting data on bike 
roads and rating them in terms of safety. The goal is to create a TCS community-driven platform, akin to Komoot, but tailored for urban cyclists. You 
will be able to profit from our and our partner Traffic data sets to start with.  Gather and analyze data on city bike roads Develop algorithms to rat
e roads based on safety metrics Collaborate with the cycling community for data validation and feedback Enhance the platform based on user feedback an
d safety updates Work through the design thinking, create prototypes and test those Define the technical solution Develop a user-friendly interface fo
r self-diagnosis Collaborate with mechanics to validate the diagnostic tool Test the tool and gather user feedback for improvements Create a user Appl
ication as your MVP  This will help you get started  You should be a bike enthusiast who knows your way around the Urban area with a bike Know-how of 
design thinking Software engineering and programming Interest AI and Data Science in General Strong proficiency in English; knowledge of German and/or
 French advantageous  You’ll enjoy  Dynamic work environment Open corporate culture with flat hierarchies Support for further training and professiona
l development Opportunities to assume responsibility and grow Attractive employment conditions and benefits Flexible working hours in various roles  I
nterested? Apply today and join us in writing TCS’s and its sustainable mobility history. We at TCS respect and value the varied backgrounds and profi
les of our employees. Equal treatment is an absolute priority for us. Adrian Mühlethaler, Digital Business Strategist, will be happy to provide you an
y information about the position. Please contact adrian.muehlethaler@tcs.ch. Here's why we've been around for over 125 years: (D): https://www.tcs.ch/
de/der-tcs/rund-um-den-tcs/ Touring Club Schweiz Human Resources Monika Meury 3072 OstermundigenKontaktTCS Touring Club Schweiz(4)90 Jobshttps://www.t
cs.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Product Manager Business Intelligence & Analytics (w/m/d) 60 - 100%Bison Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SurseeProduct Manager Business Intelligence & Analytics (w/m/d) 60 - 100%Nervt es dich, dass Daten oft einfach ungenutzt ru
mliegen? Gemeinsam mit dir möchten wir dieses Potenzial nutzen und unsere Kundschaft mit innovativen Lösungen auf ihrem Weg zur Data Driven Company ei
nen Schritt weiter zu bringen. Mit deiner Macher-Mentalität spielst du eine entscheidende Rolle im Führungskreis und leistest einen massgeblichen Beit
rag zur strategischen Ausrichtung des Bereichs. Du agierst als treibende Kraft hinter wichtigen strategischen Projekten und behältst dabei stets die f
inanzielle Planung unserer Produkte und Services im Griff. Mit deiner unternehmerischen Denkweise und deinem scharfen Blick für Chancen und Möglichkei
ten im Business Intelligence & Analytics Umfeld trägst du zu einer langfristigen, nachhaltigen und rentablen Entwicklung bei. Hast du Lust etwas zu be
wegen und unsere innovative, wachstumsorientierte Zukunft wirkungsvoll mitzugestalten? Dann zögere nicht und melde dich bei uns!  Product Manager Busi
ness Intelligence & Analytics (w/m/d)    Das machst du   Betreuen und aktives Vorantreiben von strategischen Projekten Finanzielle Planung und Kalkula
tion der Produkte und Services Erstellung und Abstimmung der Produkte- und Services-Roadmap zusammen mit der Bereichsleitung Aktive Mitwirkung bei der
 strategischen Weiterentwicklung der Produkte und Services im Bereich BI & Analytics Organisation von Partner- und Vertragsmanagement Koordinieren von
 Marketing-Aktivitäten und Unterstützung im Presales-Bereich     Das bringst du mit   Mehrjährige Erfahrung im Bereich Business Intelligence & Analyti
cs Kenntnisse über die aktuellen Trends und Technologien im Bereich Business Intelligence und Data Science Einen (Fach)-Hochschul- oder Universitätsab
schluss, oder eine gleichwertige Ausbildung Schnelle Auffassungsgabe und hohes Verantwortungsbewusstsein Sicheres Auftreten und kommunikatives Flair m
it sehr guten Deutschkenntnissen  ! wir akzeptieren nur Direktbewerbungen   Da kriegst du deine Antworten  Nadine Stahl   HR Business Partnerinfenaco 
Departement Informatik+41 58 434 41 47 E-Mail schreiben    Das sind wir Wir von der Bison wollen nicht deine neue Familie werden. Ein familiäres Umfel
d bieten wir dir aber dennoch. Und eine Achterbahnfahrt an Abwechslung kriegst du gleich noch dazu. Deine neuen Teamkollegen engagieren sich mit viel 
Herzblut für ihre Kunden und geben Vollgas für sie. Bison steht für moderne Softwarelösungen und für dynamische Warenwirtschaftsprozesse. Über Digital
isierung verlieren wir nicht mehr viele Worte, sondern leben sie einfach. Haben wir dich neugierig gemacht?KontaktBison Schweiz AG(17)18 Jobshttps://w
ww.bison-group.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Touring Club SuisseTouring Club Suisse (TCS)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:OstermundigenTou
ring Club SuisseInternship – Data Analytics and AI - Komoot for Urban Cyclist Touring Club Schweiz (TCS) is Switzerland's leading mobility organizatio
n dedicated to ensuring that its members have a safe and pleasant travel experience. With a keen focus on cycling, TCS promotes bike safety through a 
variety of initiatives. From providing real-time traffic warnings to road assistance for bikers, TCS plays a pivotal role in enhancing the biking expe
rience in Switzerland. Your challenges during the Internship In this 6-months internship, you will work on a project aimed at collecting data on bike 
roads and rating them in terms of safety. The goal is to create a TCS community-driven platform, akin to Komoot, but tailored for urban cyclists. You 
will be able to profit from our and our partner Traffic data sets to start with.  Gather and analyze data on city bike roads Develop algorithms to rat
e roads based on safety metrics Collaborate with the cycling community for data validation and feedback Enhance the platform based on user feedback an
d safety updates Work through the design thinking, create prototypes and test those Define the technical solution Develop a user-friendly interface fo
r self-diagnosis Collaborate with mechanics to validate the diagnostic tool Test the tool and gather user feedback for improvements Create a user Appl
ication as your MVP  This will help you get started  You should be a bike enthusiast who knows your way around the Urban area with a bike Know-how of 
design thinking Software engineering and programming Interest AI and Data Science in General Strong proficiency in English; knowledge of German and/or
 French advantageous  You’ll enjoy  Dynamic work environment Open corporate culture with flat hierarchies Support for further training and professiona
l development Opportunities to assume responsibility and grow Attractive employment conditions and benefits Flexible working hours in various roles  I
nterested? Apply today and join us in writing TCS’s and its sustainable mobility history. We at TCS respect and value the varied backgrounds and profi
les of our employees. Equal treatment is an absolute priority for us. Adrian Mühlethaler, Digital Business Strategist, will be happy to provide you an
y information about the position. Please contact adrian.muehlethaler@tcs.ch. Here's why we've been around for over 125 years: (D): https://www.tcs.ch/
de/der-tcs/rund-um-den-tcs/ Touring Club Schweiz Human Resources Monika Meury 3072 OstermundigenKontaktTCS Touring Club Schweiz(4)90 Jobshttps://www.t
cs.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Asssociate (f/m/d) INSELSPITALBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:19 Februar 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:En
glisch (Fliessend), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Berne  Berne 60 - 100 %     Inselspital, Universitätsspital Medical division internal medicine
 Department of Diabetes, Endocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism Entry immediately or upon agreement Permanent employment Inselspital, Univ
ersitätsspital Bern Freiburgstrasse, CH-3010 Bern Schweiz  What you can expect   Data Management and Archiving:   Development and implementation of da
ta management processes in research projects consistent with project objectives and regulatory requirements Support researchers throughout the data li
fecycle. Ensuring the integrity and confidentiality of data in compliance with data protection regulations and best practices for data management Deve
lopment of concepts for the utilisation of data from electronic health records (EHR) in research applications Support researchers in the development o
f data sharing agreements Stay updated with the latest technologies and trends in research data management  Biostatistics and Data Analysis:  Collabor
ate with researchers in designing study protocols, and determining appropriate statistical methods Provide expertise in statistical analysis in medica
l research projects Oversee the quality and accuracy of statistical data analysis Provide training and guidance for research staff in biostatistical m
ethods and data analysis techniques  Research Compliance and Ethics:  Ensure research activities comply with institutional and regulatory standards De
velop and maintain standard operating procedures and documentation Coordination of regulatory work (e.g. submissions to the ethics committee, study re
gistrations) Monitor adherence to ethical standards in research practices  Research Operations Management:  Participation in activities to innovate an
d improve research processes Provide advice and support on regulatory questions in the field of clinical research in Switzerland and collaborations wi
th external academic and industrial partners Coordinate and oversee research operations   Your Profile     Advanced degree in a relevant field (e.g., 
health sciences, medicine, statistics, data science or a related field). Proven experience in developing and implementing data management processes in
 research settings. Proficiency in medical statistics, including experience in designing study protocols. Ability to oversee and ensure the quality an
d accuracy of statistical data analysis in research settings. Familiarity with electronic health record (EHR) systems and best practices in data manag
ement. Experience with EPIC is a plus. Understanding of institutional and regulatory standards in clinical research and data protection, particularly 
within Switzerland. Fluent in English, both written and spoken. Good German skill are essential. Proven experience in project management. Strong writi
ng skills with the ability to articulate and present complex issues clearly. Demonstrated organizational talent, teamwork, communication skills, and t
he ability to work well under pressure.   What we offer  Inspiring interdisciplinary team consisting of healthcareprofessionals, biomedical engineers 
and data scientists, flexible workingconditions, pleasant working environment.  First rate training and further education   Our university clinics and
 institutes are "A" grade training organisations Support with individual professional progression and career paths Competent onboarding  weiterbildung
 Research partnerships  In partnership with the University of Bern, we offer the opportunity to participate in national and international research net
works forschungskooperationen Equal opportunities and diversity  We promote a corporate culture which recognises the value of diversity as an asset We
 are committed to ensuring equality between men and women We do not tolerate discrimination in any form  chancengleichheit Questions about the job?  F
or further information please contact David Herzig UDEM Leiter Forschung +41 31 664 29 47  INSELSPITAL3010 Berne  KontaktInsel Gruppe Bern(15)145 Jobs
https://www.inselgruppe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Change Management and Analytics for Primary Risk Control 80-100%Vontobel Beteiligungen AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 März 2024Pensum:80 – 100%
Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichChange Management and Analytics for Primary Risk Control 80-100%What would your role be?  Support the developme
nt of our strategic agenda, shape our innovation initiatives and steer them from idea generation to implementation. Manage our change projects and pro
vide hands-on analytical and data support during implementation by improving methodologies, testing and prototyping solutions. Improve current process
es and optimize organizational procedures for efficiency and productivity. Support creation of communication materials for various leadership forums a
nd risk committees. Act as liaison to various stakeholders and enhance interdepartmental collaboration.  What are we looking for?  Experience in the f
inancial or consulting industry with proven record in project management. Strong sense of ownership, proven record of taking initiative to solve busin
ess problems, and a keen drive for innovation. Problem-solving and analytical mindset with experience in data analysis or data science, and strong tec
hnical skills in SQL, VBA, Python, PowerBI, or similar languages and applications. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Motivation to lea
rn, improve and excel paired with a self-starter attitude.  What do we offer?  Deep insights into financial risk management and control with broad dev
elopment opportunities. Highly qualified, friendly, and diverse team that is supportive of your professional growth. Open and innovative environment w
ith flat hierarchy fostering collaboration at all levels. Competitive compensation and benefits package. Top Zurich location and the option for home o
ffice (Flexible working times).  We are looking for talented people, not just a CV that ticks all the boxes. Even if you do not have absolutely everyt
hing we have asked for, if this role sounds like a good fit for you, we encourage you to apply. At Vontobel, you are building better futures for our c
lients and society, as well as for yourself. By 2030, we want to be known as one of the leading and most trusted global investment firms. We have 2,30
0+ engaged professionals, based in 27 locations globally and headquartered in Zurich. We are both majority family-owned and publicly listed. Our capac
ity for long-term focus, on topics such as sustainability, is underpinned by the security of the family’s 100-year commitment. Driven by an ownership 
mindset, you can unlock your potential and translate insights into opportunities. We are hiring talented individuals who are determined to deliver in 
a changing world and who come from a wide variety of backgrounds. Do you want to be Vontobel?BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior DWH Developer 80 - 100 %BRACK.CH AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:MägenwilSenio
r DWH Developer 80 - 100 %Gemeinsam das moderne DWH ausbauen – Sei Teil unserer Zukunft in der Datenanalyse!  Senior DWH Developer    Das erwartet dic
h   Im Zentrum deiner Tätigkeit steht der Ausbau unseres Data Warehouse in der Google Cloud - darunter fallen Punkte wie: Architektur, Datenmodellieru
ng, Schnittstellen, Umsetzung fachlicher Prozesse, ETL, Metadaten Unser Data Warehouse soll sich in den nächsten Monaten zur Drehscheibe aller relevan
ten Daten für BI / Data Science und weiteren Umsysteme im Unternehmen entwickeln. Du kannst mit deinem Fachwissen massgebend zum Erfolg beitragen und 
eine aktive Rolle im BI & DWH Team einnehmen Mithilfe von SSIS und Google Technologien lädst du Daten aus verschiedenen Quellsystemen ins Data Warehou
se und erarbeitest mithilfe von SQL-Scripten die Transformationen und das CORE-Datenmodell Die Erstellung und Betreuung von Datenmodellen, Ladeprozess
en, Datamarts, Views & Monitoring gehören dabei ebenfalls zu deinen täglichen Aufgaben     Das bringst du mit   Du hast mehrjährige Erfahrung mit Goog
le Technologien (BigQuery, Buckets, Cloud Composer / Airflow) und kannst diese selbstständig anwenden und einsetzen Mit SQL und DWH-Techniken (wie bei
spielsweise SCD, künstlichen Schlüsseln oder Relationstabellen) hast du schon weitreichende Erfahrungen gesammelt und weisst somit, wie man Daten mode
lliert und effizient verarbeitet Deine mehrjährige Erfahrung im IT-Umfeld hilft dir dich in den Technologien und im Umgang mit Daten gut zurecht zu fi
nden Deine Deutschkenntnisse sind sehr gut, gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift sind von Vorteil Du hast eine rasche Auffassungsgabe, kannst k
omplexe Sachverhalte verstehen, deine Koordinationsfähigkeiten weisst du zu nützen und du hast Freude daran im Team zu arbeiten     Benefits Die Compe
tec-Gruppe sucht ständig qualifizierte Mitarbeitende in verschiedenen Bereichen. Ein spannendes Geschäftsumfeld und interessante Zusatzleistungen mach
en die Competec-Gruppe zu einem attraktiven Arbeitgeber, der 2016 sogar mit dem "Swiss Arbeitgeber Award" ausgezeichnet worden ist.   Bist du interess
iert oder hast du weiterführende Fragen? Sercan Ugur steht dir gerne telefonisch oder elektronisch zur Verfügung.   Über uns BRACK.CH liefert schnell 
und unkompliziert – so sind wir auch als Arbeitgeber. Mitarbeitende treffen bei uns auf ein offenes und hilfsbereites Umfeld, in dem sie ihre Talente 
einbringen, mit grossem Gestaltungsfreiraum wirken und entfalten können. Wir fördern die Kompetenzen unserer Mitarbeitenden, damit wir Herausforderung
en gemeinsam meistern, weiter wachsen und Erfolge feiern können. BRACK.CH ist Teil der Competec-Gruppe, die über 1300 Mitarbeitende beschäftigt und 20
23 einen Umsatz von rund 1,14 Milliarden Franken erzielt hat.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technical Customer Success Manager (w/m/d)XiTrust Secure Technologies AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:8304 WallisellenTechnical Customer Success Manager (w/m/d)Technical Customer Success Manager (w/m/d). 80-100%, permanent Du bist auf der Suc
he nach einer spannenden Aufgabe und nicht nur nach einem neuen Job? Du möchtest Teil einer Vision sein und deinen Beitrag leisten, der gesehen und ge
schätzt wird? Du möchtest dich mit uns gemeinsam weiterentwickeln und sehen, was noch alles in dir steckt? Wunderbar, denn bei uns wirst du Teil der d
igitalen Revolution. Wir unterstützen seit mehr als 20 Jahren Unternehmen dabei, Unterschriftenprozesse digital, effizient und papierlos zu gestalten.
 Mit unserer E-Signatur Lösung MOXIS werden in Europa bereits Millionen Verträge digital unterschrieben und es sollen noch viel mehr werden – Become p
art of the spirit! Das bringst du mit Eine abgeschlossene Ausbildung mit Schwerpunkt IT, wie Wirtschaftsinformatik, Data Science, Computer Science ode
r ähnliches. Mindestens 2 Jahre B2B-Erfahrung in den Bereichen Customer Success, Account Management oder Consulting in einem SaaS-Kontext. Deine Fähig
keit, neue technische Konzepte schnell zu verstehen und unseren Kunden bei deren Umsetzung zu beraten und zu begleiten. Du bist flexibel und arbeitest
 gerne in einem hochdynamischen Umfeld. Du sprichst fließend Deutsch & Englisch (mindestens Niveau C1). Du liebst es, dich weiterzuentwickeln, neue Me
nschen kennenzulernen und bist zudem noch kommunikativ – dann sind wir ein perfekter Match! Dafür bist du verantwortlich Du begleitest unsere Kunden b
eim erfolgreichen Einsatz von MOXIS – unserer E-Signature Plattform. Du stellst sicher, dass Geschäfts- und Unternehmenskunden MOXIS bereichsübergreif
end einführen können und begleitest Sie proaktiv Ihre Geschäftsprozesse zu optimieren. Dank deines technischen Wissens übernimmst du die interdiszipli
näre Projektleitung – du bist zuständig für die technische Konzeption, das Testing, die Abnahme und das Customer Onboarding. Mit dir als Erfolgsmanage
r:in sind unsere Kunden besonders glücklich – manchmal erfordert das einen Besuch und ein persönliches Training vor Ort. Das erwartet dich bei uns Die
 Möglichkeit, Teil eines schnell wachsenden Technologieunternehmens mit einem aufstrebenden und erfahrenen Team zu werden. Die Chance nachhaltig etwas
 zu bewegen: Einsparung von Human- und Umweltressourcen durch digitale Signaturen #sustainablity Wir bieten dir viel Platz für Kreativität, Flexibilit
ät und persönliche Entwicklung in einem innovativen Arbeitsumfeld. Eine offene und wertschätzende Unternehmenskultur. Flexibles und autonomes Arbeiten
 in einem repräsentativen, hochmodernen Büro in Wallisellen (Zürich) und im Homeoffice. Team-Events, Firmenlaptop, Reisespesen, kostenloser Kaffee, ei
n tolles Team und jede Menge Spass! Become part of the spirit. Sende deine Bewerbung inklusive Verfügbarkeit und Lohnwünschen.KontaktXiTrust Secure Te
chnologies AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.xitrust.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager, Deviation Investigation TeamLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:VispManager, De
viation Investigation Team Lonza ist heute ein weltweit führendes Unternehmen im Bereich Life Sciences, welches auf drei Kontinenten tätig ist. Wir si
nd in der Wissenschaft tätig, jedoch gibt es keine Zauberformel dafür, wie wir die Arbeit angehen. Unsere wichtigste wissenschaftliche Lösung sind tal
entierte Mitarbeitende, die zusammenarbeiten und Ideen entwickeln, die anderen Unternehmen helfen, Menschen zu helfen. Im Gegenzug steuern unsere Mita
rbeitenden ihre Karriere selbstständig. Denn ihre Ideen, ob gross und klein, verbessern die Welt. Und das ist die Art von Arbeit, an der wir Teil habe
n möchten. Am Standort Visp  wird ein/e Deviation Manager gesucht. In dieser Position werden Sie in einer Support Funktion GMP gerechte Dokumentation 
im Auftrag für die Clean-Utilities Logistik und Betriebshygieneteams sicherstellen. Informationsbeschaffung und Interpretation sind zentral für diese 
Schnittstellenfunktion.   Ihre Aufgaben:    Bearbeitung von Abweichungen aus den Bereichen der Reinstmedien, der Betriebshygiene inkl. Lüftungsanlagen
, Environmental Monitoring und Logistik   Support aller anfallenden GMP Dokumentation (z.B. CAPAs, CRs, SOPs, PQ Berichte ect.)   Vorstellen der Dokum
entation  während Audits und Inspektionen.   Unterstützung und Koordination von PQs   Schnittstellenmanagement von Schnittstellen zwischen Clean-Utili
ties / Betriebshygiene zu QA, QC Monitoring und Produktion   Verantwortlich für die Schulung und Unterstützung von Mitarbeitern der Utilities und Betr
iebshygieneteams.   Unterstützung von Innovationsprojekten (Datenanalysen z.B. mit R, Erstellung von Power BI Dashboards)    Ihr Anforderungsprofil:  
  Master-Studiengang oder PhD in einer relevanten Fachrichtung (z.B. Biologie/Bioinformatik)   Sehr gute Deutsch und Englischkenntnisse   Freude am Ve
rfassen technisch anspruchsvoller Texte (auf Englisch und Deutsch)   GMP Erfahrung bevorzugt   Lösungsorientierte, strukturierte und selbstständige Ar
beitsweise   Präzise Arbeitsweise und Auge fürs Detail   Durchsetzungsfähigkeit, Motivation und hohe Belastbarkeit   Ausgeprägtes analytisches Denken 
und Problemlösefähigkeit   IT Affinität (Data Science)   Lonza’s Produkte und Services wirken sich täglich positiv auf Millionen von Menschen aus. Für
 uns stellt dies nicht nur eine grosse Ehre, sondern auch eine grosse Verantwortung, dar. Wie wir unsere Geschäftsergebnisse erreichen ist für uns gen
auso wichtig wie unsere Erfolge selbst. Bei Lonza wird Respekt grossgeschrieben und wir schützen sowohl unsere Mitarbeiter als auch unsere Umwelt. Erf
olg für uns bedeutet moralisch vertretbarer Fortschritt. Zu Lonza kommen Menschen, die Herausforderungen annehmen und mit ihrer Kreativität im Bereich
 Life Science neue Ideen für komplexe Problemstellungen entwickeln. Zusammen leisten wir einen Beitrag, der das Leben vieler Menschen auf der ganzen W
elt verbessern kann. Dies bietet ihnen die Gewissheit und die Zufriedenheit, mit der eigenen Arbeit wirklich einen Unterschied zu machen. Reference: R
59847 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship – M&A Deals – Deal Analytics for 6 monthsPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hInternship – M&A Deals – Deal Analytics for 6 monthsInternship – M&A Deals – Deal Analytics for 6 months    Your Impact   As part of our Deals Analyt
ics team, you are using a broad range of state-of-the-art tools and techniques to generate insights from large data sets and help our clients make mor
e informed M&A decisions. Working on financial and commercial due diligence projects with private equity and corporate clients across all sectors, lev
eraging company, alternative and market data to derive insights on a company's competitive positioning and performance. Process, analyze, and visualiz
e complex data sets in order to design, develop and implement business intelligence (BI) tools for our clients, allowing them to monitor business perf
ormance and identify value creation opportunities. Participate in internal and client meetings and prepare written reports, summarizing findings in a 
concise, articulate manner. Support various upskilling initiatives (for instance around the use of Generative AI), enhancing our broader Deals team's 
digital capabilities, and assist in developing tools to drive automation and efficiencies across our Deals practice. Find a friendly, supportive, and 
flexible work environment, non-hierarchical and committed to providing you the professional development opportunities you seek.     Your Skill Set   C
urrent or completed studies in business administration, data science / analytics, economics, statistics, or information science, with a strong interes
t in solving quantitative and analytical challenges. First practical experience from internships or previous positions in high performing teams, prefe
rably in data analytics, consulting, Big 4 and / or private equity. Ideally, you have worked in a dynamic, collaborative environment under time sensit
ive deadlines. Initial experience in leveraging data and business intelligence software to turn data into actionable insights on company performance. 
 Strong understanding of and interest in financial statements, M&A transactions, and financial modelling. Strong familiarity and practical experience 
with data extraction / transformation, analytics, and visualization approaches as well as a high degree of data fluency.  Proven skills in Excel, Alte
ryx and PowerBI.  Knowledge and experience with basic programming is preferred but not required (e.g. Python, R, SQL, etc.) High degree of collaborati
on, ingenuity, and curiosity to apply advanced analytical tools and techniques to address client problems.  Effective communication in English and Ger
man are a must.     About PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international 
PwC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.Ko
ntaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant IoT, Automations- & Leittechnik (80-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichConsultant IoT, Automations- & Leittechnik (80-100%, all genders) Die Dienstleistungen des Clusters Mobilität si
nd auf die Automobil-, Transport- und Logistik- sowie die Immobilienbranche zugeschnitten. Wir engagieren uns aktiv für den Ausbau unserer Kernkompete
nzen in den Bereichen Projektmanagement & Transformation, Data Science sowie digitale Strategie und Innovation. In naher Zukunft wollen wir auch unser
 branchenspezifisches Fachwissen in Bereichen wie dem Internet of Things (IoT), Asset Management und Smart Society (Smart City) Initiativen vertiefen.
   Unser Engagement für die Weiterentwicklung branchenspezifischer Kompetenzen positioniert uns für einen anhaltenden Erfolg bei der Entwicklung von t
ransformativen Mobilitätslösungen für unsere Kunden.   Das ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos   Als Berater führst du Analysen, Strategien,
 Konzepte im Themenbereich IoT, Informatik, Automations- & Leittechnik und Datenkommunikation durch   Du unterstützt den Kunden bei der Beschaffung, I
mplementierung, Inbetriebsetzung und Optimierung von Systemen und Applikationen   Du übernimmst eine führende Rolle in der Organisation, Koordination 
und Kommunikation der verschiedenen Projektbeteiligten   In der Funktion als Projektleiter übernimmst du zudem die Projektverantwortung gegenüber dem 
Kunden und stellen eine reibungslosen Projektablauf sicher    Dieser Job ist für dich, wenn   Du über einen Hochschulabschluss (ETH, Uni, FH) in Elekt
rotechnik oder Informatik   Berufserfahrung im Umfeld IoT, Informatik, Automations- & Leittechnik und Datenkommunikation verfügst.   Du Branchenkenntn
isse in der Mobilität, Immobilienwesen und/oder der Industrie mitbringst.   Du ausgezeichnete MS-Office-Kenntnisse besitzt.   Du engagiertes und zuver
lässiges Auftreten sowie konzeptionelles Denken hast.   Du über sehr gute kommunikative Fähigkeiten in Deutsch und Englisch verfügst.    Als i-Tüpfelc
hen bringst du mit   Erfahrungen in den Fachgebieten der Gebäudeautomation, der Betriebs- und Sicherheitsausrüstungen (Nationalstrassenumfeld) und/ode
r der Industrieautomation   Vertieftes Informatikwissen   Erfahrung in der Migration von Systemen unter Betrieb       Wir freuen uns auf deine Direktb
ewerbung über unsere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebens
lauf, Diplome und Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden wir uns über ein Motivationsschr
eiben von dir freuen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weitere Auskünfte steht dir Magnai ge
rne zur Verfügung (E-Mail schreiben).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexue
ller Orientierung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobs
https://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Assistant) Manager - Forensic Technology / eDiscovery KPMGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:Zuric
h/GenevaMembers of our Forensic Technology team have a trivial part in the delivery of large data-driven projects for our clients whom are facing a cr
isis situation either through external factors like a data breach/financial fraud or are being investigated by a regulatory body. You will drive our r
esponse by securing, investigating and handling of digital evidence and electronic information.   Your contribution to KPMG     Play a key role to hel
p investigation teams to establish what has happened, uncovering what occurred, when, who was involved, how, and its impact Apply advanced investigati
ve and visualization techniques, machine learning and predictive coding algorithms to get faster and better insights into collected data Partially lea
ding the development of novel tools and methodologies, and building scripts to enhance delivery of digital forensic services Identify, secure and acqu
ire digital evidence from a broad range of data sources such as computer/laptop hard drives, USB and external storage devices, mobile devices, network
s, server systems and IoT devices Perform digital forensic analysis and evaluation of data from various sources using specialized tools and state-of-t
he-art methodologies Manage and maintain KPMG's digital forensic lab and equipment, and contribute to training, mentoring and guiding team members on 
related methodologies, best practices, tools and capabilities Manage operational elements of KPMG's digital forensic technology solutions, such as: de
veloping, implementing and maintaining digital forensic service operating procedures and playbooks    This is what makes you successful     Hold a mas
ter's degree in data science, computer science, natural science, engineering and other related majors At least 4 years of experience in a similar fiel
d, preferably Consulting area Good knowledge of programming language (e.g., Python, C#) and data query language (SQL) Strong Machine Learning and Natu
ral Language Processing technics (text classification, semantic search) Proficient with one of the major eDiscovery platforms (Relativity, Reveal, Reo
mmind) and experience with forensic collections (Encase / FTK / Cellebrite, etc.) Good knowledge of the operating systems (Microsoft Windows, Unix, Ma
cOS) Proficient in English; German or French are a strong advantage    Your benefits   We offer a range of generous benefits designed to help you thri
ve with us and benefit for life. Discover them below. KPMG as an employerWe provide a dynamic work environment that is fast-paced and often reactive t
o the needs of our clients. We are flexible, responsive, and above all committed to the quality and integrity of our work. As a new joiner to the team
, you will experience dedicated colleagues to ensure your development and success on every project. You will be encouraged to think independently and 
provide creative ideas and solutions to increase the quality of our overall service. Our attractive Forensic client portfolio will ensure that no day 
will be the same, making this a fascinating position. https://home.kpmg/ch/en/home/services/advisory/forensic/forensic-technology.htmlKPMG is known fo
r providing clear and consistent solutions in the areas of auditing and advisory services. The broad palette of services across many subject matters a
nd industries allows the provision of multidisciplinary services from a single source for our clients on the one hand and diverse careers and developm
ent options for our employees on the other hand. Our dealings are fair and frank and we strive to always look at the results of our work through the e
yes of our clients. At KPMG, we are aware that if we add value for our clients, we also do the same for ourselves.  Do you have any questions?   Rebec
ca Werner+41 58 249 22 85  KPMG8036 Zurich/Geneva  KontaktKPMG(0)80 Jobshttp://www.kpmg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


InternshipsMaxWell Biosystems AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 Oktober 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:ZürichInternshipsJoin the MaxWe
ll Biosystems Team Have you ever wanted to work with cutting-edge technology involving both engineering and biology? Do you enjoy working in an intern
ational, multidisciplinary, and interactive team, be it marketing, operations, research, or product development? Then we might have a position for you
. Join us in innovating the future of electrophysiology for drug discovery and basic research. Please have a look at the job openings listed below or 
send your inquires directly to E-Mail schreiben. Open Positions Executive Assistant for our COO (100%) Key Account Manager (100%) Software Engineer Py
thon Internship (100%) Software Engineer C++ Internship (100%) Internships Executive Assistant for our COO (100%) Download PDF MaxWell Biosystems deve
lops and provides world leading innovation in imaging platforms for in-vitro neuroscience to advance pharmaceutical drug discovery and academic life s
cience research. We help to bring cures for the brain to patients earlier. We are a fast-growing technology scaleup and seek highly motivated and tale
nted individuals who will contribute to shape our future. We are currently looking for a highly motivated candidate to support our Chief Commercial Of
ficer (CCO) and sales department. Your Responsibilities Provide administrative support to CCO, including managing calendars, scheduling meetings, maki
ng travel arrangements and handling expenses. Handle incoming calls, emails, and correspondence, prioritizing and responding appropriately. Assist wit
h the preparation of reports, presentations, and other documents for internal and external meetings and client presentations. Provide various support 
to the sales team such as travel arrangement and handling expenses, if needed. Coordinate and communicate effectively with various departments to faci
litate the execution of projects and initiatives. Your Profile Proven experience (3-5 years) in executive assistance or administrative support roles. 
Passion for Science and willingness to learn and adapt to scientific environment. Excellent communication in English both written and verbal. German a
nd/or Japanese are a plus. Ease with MS Office and IT software Strong organizational and time management skills, with the ability to multitask and pri
oritize tasks effectively. Quality awareness, flexibility, enthusiasm, team spirit and a can-do mentality. Maintain confidentiality and handle sensiti
ve information with discretion. What we offer Centrally located workplace, flexible working hours model incl. home office as well as training and furt
her education opportunities. A collegial working environment with a flat hierarchical structure, including regular team events. You can expect a varie
d, fulfilling task in an interesting, dynamic environment. Do you enjoy working in an international, multidisciplinary, and interactive team? Then we 
might have a position for you. Join MaxWell Biosystems in innovating the future of electrophysiology for drug discovery and basic research. We look fo
rward to receiving your application documents (cover letter, resume, and degrees including transcripts) by email at E-Mail schreiben. Key Account Mana
ger (100%) Download PDF As a Key Account Manager, you will be a key representative of MaxWell Biosystems to our customers. You will be involved in sal
es and support activities, offering the best solutions to ensure the needs of our customers are met. You will be responsible for creating and managing
 long-term, trusting relationships with our users, as well as developing new business from existing clients with the aim of increasing our sales.You w
ill be part of the team in Zurich, with a focus on North America. Your scientific expertise is valued by our users and is essential for the success of
 MaxWell Biosystems. Our ideal candidate should be communicative, energetic, and goal-oriented.If you can build strong business relationships and have
 a passion for working with people, check our offer below! Your Responsibilities Actively develop strong relationships with new and existing customers
 to maintain high-standard of customer service Identify, advance, and close business opportunities Manage sales contracts and customer contacts Monito
r the market and competition and analyze customer needs Cooperate with other departments at MaxWell Biosystems to achieve sales goals Represent MaxWel
l Biosystems at conferences and roadshows, as well as travel for onsite customer visits Comply with company policy and maintain a positive brand image
 Communicate all relevant customer information, including product and/or customer experience to Product Management, Application Development, Sales, an
d Marketing, keeping CRM up-to-date with customer information and interactions Your Profile MS/PhD degree in fields related to neuroscience / biotechn
ology / physiology Established experience in using microelectrode arrays and analyzing microelectrode array datasets – experienced users of MaxWell Bi
osystems’ HD-MEAs are encouraged to apply Knowledgeable in the field of iPSCs / organoids / neuroengineering, as well as experience in a similar posit
ion are a huge plus Fluent in English; other languages are a plus Excellent presentation and communication skills, experienced in interacting with sci
entists Willingness to travel up to ~40% Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint) Ability to work under time pressure 
Proven ability to work independently and within a team environment Enthusiastic, dynamic, self-motivated, multi-tasking and proactive person What we o
ffer Centrally located workplace, flexible working hours model incl. home office as well as training and further education opportunities. A collegial 
working environment with a flat hierarchical structure, including regular team events. You can expect a varied, fulfilling task in an interesting, dyn
amic environment. Are you motivated, innovative and committed to delivering first-rate performance? Do you enjoy working in an international, multidis
ciplinary, and interactive team? Then, our Senior Key Account Manager, Laura D’Ignazio, looks forward to receiving your application documents (cover l
etter, resume, publication list, letter of recommendation and degrees including transcripts) by email at E-Mail schreiben. Software Engineer Python In
ternship (100%) 6 months Download PDF At MaxWell Biosystems, we develop advanced instrumentation for neuroscience and life sciences applications. Our 
instruments consist of custom-designed CMOS-based sensor devices, a data acquisition system with FPGAs and our software suite MaxLab Live. The interns
hip project offers a broad variety of tasks, including data analysis of neuroscience datasets, prototyping new algorithms, measuring their performance
 and testing. For these activities we are seeking a highly motivated software engineer to implement and work on some of these challenging tasks. Your 
Profile Studies in computer science, data science or related field Experience with data analysis in Python Experience with Linux Enjoy working in an i
nterdisciplinary and international team Enjoy pushing technology to its limits You Get Working with cutting-edge technology Freedom to come up with an
d work on your own ideas Be part of a fast-paced technology startup at the intersection between biology, engineering and data science Are you motivate
d, innovative and committed to delivering first-rate performance? Do you enjoy working in an international, multidisciplinary, and interactive team? T
hen we might have a position for you. Join MaxWell Biosystems in innovating the future of electrophysiology for drug discovery and basic research. Mat
ej Juracka looks forward to receiving your application documents by email at E-Mail schreiben (cover letter, CV). Software Engineer C++ Internship (10
0%) 6 months Download PDF At MaxWell Biosystems, we develop advanced instrumentation for neuroscience and life sciences applications. Our instruments 
consist of custom-designed CMOS-based sensor devices, a data acquisition system with FPGAs and our software suite MaxLab Live. The internship project 
offers a broad variety of tasks, including processing and visualization of neuroscience datasets, prototyping new algorithms, measuring their performa
nce and testing. For these activities we are seeking a highly motivated software engineer to implement and work on some of these challenging tasks. Yo
ur Profile Studies in computer science or related field Experience with C++ Experience with UI frameworks Experience with Qt is a plus Experience with
 Linux Enjoy working in an interdisciplinary and international team Enjoy pushing technology to its limits You Get Working with cutting-edge technolog
y Freedom to come up with and work on your own ideas Be part of a fast-paced technology startup at the intersection between biology, engineering and d
ata science Are you motivated, innovative and committed to delivering first-rate performance? Do you enjoy working in an international, multidisciplin
ary, and interactive team? Then we might have a position for you. Join MaxWell Biosystems in innovating the future of electrophysiology for drug disco
very and basic research. Matej Juracka looks forward to receiving your application documents by email at E-Mail schreiben (cover letter, CV). Other In
ternships We are interested in motivated individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including Biotechnology, Engineering, Computer Science, Sales and 
Marketing. For topics, contact us directly at E-Mail schreiben. KontaktMaxWell Biosystems AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www.mxwbio.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job
 melden


Global OT Systems Quality ManagerLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselGlobal OT Syst
ems Quality Manager Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three continents. While we work in science, there’s no magic for
mula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exc
hange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of
. You will work in a small team and a global environment to ensure that our world-wide projects are carried out with a high quality. The various amoun
t of projects are a very good opportunity to grow personally and professional in an fast developing environment. Key responsibilities:  Establishing a
nd maintaining the global MES systems quality and validation policies, risk-based standards, and procedures in line with internal and external regulat
ions Coordinating the validation of MES computer systems software, related interfaces and infrastructure Quality oversight of global MES standard syst
ems, interfaces and infrastructure, including but not limited to evaluation of changes and deviations, in cooperation with Centers of Excellence, supp
orting periodic reviews, and internal and external audits Consulting and advising Global MES computer systems projects on the correct application of i
nternal and external regulations  Key requirements:  Bachelor of Science in IT, OT, Informatics, Automation, engineering, process engineering, electro
nics engineering, Data Science or a related field Broad experience in Computerized System Validation (CSV) and infrastructure qualification in the pha
rmaceutical environment Experience working in Computerized System Compliance and Data Integrity Experience working together with stakeholders on diffe
rent management levels Experience working in MES implementation projects would be a real advantage Fluent English language skills are required, German
 or French language skills would be an advantage  Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this 
is not only a great privilege, but also a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselve
s. At Lonza, we respect and protect our people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically. People come
 to Lonza for the challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction
 that comes with improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference. Reference: R59821 KontaktLonza
 AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Touring Club SuisseTouring Club Suisse (TCS)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SolothurnTouring
 Club SuisseInternship: AI-Powered Travel Companion: Guiding Your Adventures with TCS Touring Club Schweiz (TCS) is Switzerland's leading mobility org
anization dedicated to ensuring that its members have a safe and pleasant travel experience. When it comes to travel for leisure, TCS is also providin
g various solutions like the website that has been launched recently https://tcs-roadtravel.ch/ that can give great ideas to visitors for great travel
 in various places of the world. Your challenges during the Internship In this 6-months internship, you will work on a project to provide an AI travel
 assistant that can, from the base of points of interests, from the road/trail/train network and the visitor preferences can propose an itinerary with
 all the different places to visit with pictures and an approximate schedule. The idea is to use all the new capabilities of generative AI in conjunct
ion with our knowledge base to be able to provide answer to question like “I would like to have a 4 day itinerary from Lausanne with my family and I’m
 using public transportation and bike rental”.  Gather and analyze data at disposal in TCS and identify external data sources Develop a solution based
 on generative AI engine Collaborate with the department in TCS in charge of the https://tcs-roadtravel.ch/ website Enhance the platform based on user
 feedback and safety updates Potentially develop a user-friendly interface for mobile users Test the tool and gather user feedback for improvements Cr
eate a user Application as your MVP  This will help you get started  You should be interested in travel and be service-minded oriented You should have
 knowledge in generative AI engine Software engineering and programming (especially mobile development Interest AI and Data Science in General Strong 
proficiency in English; knowledge of German and/or French advantageous  You’ll enjoy  Dynamic work environment Open corporate culture with flat hierar
chies Support for further training and professional development Opportunities to assume responsibility and grow Attractive employment conditions and b
enefits Flexible working hours in various roles  Interested? Apply today and join us in writing TCS’s and its sustainable mobility history. We at TCS 
respect and value the varied backgrounds and profiles of our employees. Equal treatment is an absolute priority for us. Adrian Mühlethaler, Digital Bu
siness Strategist, will be happy to provide you any information about the position. Please contact adrian.muehlethaler@tcs.ch. Here's why we've been a
round for over 125 years: Touring Club Schweiz Human Resources Monika Meury 3072 OstermundigenKontaktTCS Touring Club Schweiz(4)90 Jobshttps://www.tcs
.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Touring Club SuisseTouring Club Suisse (TCS)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneTouring 
Club SuisseInternship: AI-Powered Travel Companion: Guiding Your Adventures with TCS Touring Club Schweiz (TCS) is Switzerland's leading mobility orga
nization dedicated to ensuring that its members have a safe and pleasant travel experience. When it comes to travel for leisure, TCS is also providing
 various solutions like the website that has been launched recently https://tcs-roadtravel.ch/ that can give great ideas to visitors for great travel 
in various places of the world. Your challenges during the Internship In this 6-months internship, you will work on a project to provide an AI travel 
assistant that can, from the base of points of interests, from the road/trail/train network and the visitor preferences can propose an itinerary with 
all the different places to visit with pictures and an approximate schedule. The idea is to use all the new capabilities of generative AI in conjuncti
on with our knowledge base to be able to provide answer to question like “I would like to have a 4 day itinerary from Lausanne with my family and I’m 
using public transportation and bike rental”.  Gather and analyze data at disposal in TCS and identify external data sources Develop a solution based 
on generative AI engine Collaborate with the department in TCS in charge of the https://tcs-roadtravel.ch/ website Enhance the platform based on user 
feedback and safety updates Potentially develop a user-friendly interface for mobile users Test the tool and gather user feedback for improvements Cre
ate a user Application as your MVP  This will help you get started  You should be interested in travel and be service-minded oriented You should have 
knowledge in generative AI engine Software engineering and programming (especially mobile development Interest AI and Data Science in General Strong p
roficiency in English; knowledge of German and/or French advantageous  You’ll enjoy  Dynamic work environment Open corporate culture with flat hierarc
hies Support for further training and professional development Opportunities to assume responsibility and grow Attractive employment conditions and be
nefits Flexible working hours in various roles  Interested? Apply today and join us in writing TCS’s and its sustainable mobility history. We at TCS r
espect and value the varied backgrounds and profiles of our employees. Equal treatment is an absolute priority for us. Adrian Mühlethaler, Digital Bus
iness Strategist, will be happy to provide you any information about the position. Please contact adrian.muehlethaler@tcs.ch. Here's why we've been ar
ound for over 125 years: Touring Club Schweiz Human Resources Monika Meury 3072 OstermundigenKontaktTCS Touring Club Schweiz(4)90 Jobshttps://www.tcs.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Engineer for ManufacturingETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuganoAI Engineer for
 ManufacturingAI Engineer for Manufacturing 100%, Lugano, permanent inspire AG is the leading Swiss competence centre for product innovation and advan
ced manufacturing. As a strategic partner of ETH Zurich, our mission is to transfer knowledge and technology from research to Swiss machine, electrica
l and metal industries. The research group Intelligent Production Systems at inspire is based in Lugano, the southern part of Switzerland. Job descrip
tion Our research group focuses on the development of AI algorithms for industrial applications. The main scope of our activities is the optimization 
and automation of workflows and production systems. Within this field, we are continuously developing and adopting various algorithms for multiple app
lications such as automating quality control, detect process deviations and finally predict the resulting product quality of the production systems. M
oreover, we are working towards technical Large Language Models, where we are looking for a solution oriented and highly motivated engineer. Your comp
etences coupled with a can-do attitude enable you to resolve challenging problems with an industrial relevance. The first main goal of your work will 
be to explore and develop algorithms in the field of generative AI to automatically process technical data sheets and generate the relevant informatio
n for an innovative and sustainable spare parts platform. The research project is part of a collaboration with a manufacturing company and requires a 
good understanding of AI algorithms and their effective deployment. Your Tasks  Conduct research and development in the field of generative AI algorit
hms for manufacturing Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team to transform research results into innovative solutions Develop high-quality code and
 build the basis for our industrial AI platform Design methods, tools, and infrastructure for the efficient and effective deployment Continuously foll
ow the advancements and implement novel approaches Collaborate with industrial and academic partners  Your profile  University degree or PhD in comput
er science or engineering with a focus on data science/AI Proficiency in Python and at least one further programming language such as C# or C++ Proven
 track record in the field of AI Experience with Large Language Models is a plus A good knowledge (written/oral) of English is mandatory. Knowledge of
 Italian and/or German will be an additional advantage A valid work permit for Switzerland  Your workplace Your workplace We offer  Full-time position
 at the forefront of AI for manufacturing Exciting topics and projects between academia and industry A flexible working culture with a self-organized 
job execution Participate at conferences, workshops and exhibitions Guidance and internal training provided by experienced professionals to enhance yo
ur professional growth KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Deal Advisory - Valuation & Financial Modeling KPMGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Arbeitsort:Zür
ichAre you looking for your next career step in an international corporate finance environment? Our Valuation & Financial Modelling team assists clien
ts in creating, growing and preserving value in connection with M&A, joint ventures, post-merger integrations, restructurings and disputes.   Your con
tribution to KPMG     Conduct valuations (e.g., companies, intangible assets, bonds, options, other securities) and financial analyses, market researc
h, capital market and cost of capital analyses Value complex financial instruments (e.g., options, derivatives, complex debt instruments, structured p
roducts) using tailored valuation techniques such as path dependent models and develop integrated financial models Participate in engagements such as 
fairness opinions, pricing analysis for M&A transactions, valuations for accounting and tax planning purposes, or arbitrations Work together with larg
e international corporations as well as mid-market firms, often in an international environment across all industrial sectors Actively interact with c
lients and cooperate closely with other KPMG experts, like our Transaction Services or Strategy team or with our accounting, tax and legal experts Ass
ist in proposal work and marketing initiatives    This is what makes you successful     Master's degree with a Major in Finance or Accounting, Minor i
n Quantitative Finance, Mathematics, Statistics or Data Science First professional experience in corporate finance within an international environment
 is a plus Knowledge of security valuation methods (e.g., options, derivatives), a profound statistical basis, as well as modelling techniques such as
 Monte-Carlo simulations or lattice models, is a plus Proficiency with MS Excel is a prerequisite, knowledge with Tableau, Alteryx or Python coding is
 a plus Strong numerical, analytical and modelling skills, sound knowledge of financial analysis and traditional valuation methods (e.g., DCF, multipl
es) and attention to details Excellent written and verbal communication skills in German and English; knowledge of any other language is a plus    You
r benefits   We offer a range of generous benefits designed to help you thrive with us and benefit for life. Discover them below. KPMG as an employerO
ur Valuation / Financial Modellng Team are masters in the art of valuation. We calculate the value and price of companies and assets in the context of
 M&A transactions, joint venture foundations and restructurings, and in the case of disputes. Our daily work involves assessing value drivers and risk
s, creating complex financial models and implementing state-of-the-art valuation methods. We act as either advisors or independent appraisers as requi
red - whatever the project needs, we deliver.KPMG is known for providing clear and consistent solutions in the areas of auditing and advisory services
. The broad palette of services across many subject matters and industries allows the provision of multidisciplinary services from a single source for
 our clients on the one hand and diverse careers and development options for our employees on the other hand. Our dealings are fair and frank and we s
trive to always look at the results of our work through the eyes of our clients. At KPMG, we are aware that if we add value for our clients, we also d
o the same for ourselves.  Do you have any questions?   Flavio von HolzenCampus Recruiting Specialist+41 58 249 40 04  KPMG8004 Zürich  KontaktKPMG(0)
80 Jobshttp://www.kpmg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Analyst (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichBusiness Analyst (60-100%, all genders) Die Dienstleistungen des Clusters Mobilität sind auf die Automobil-, Transport- und Logistik- sowi
e die Immobilienbranche zugeschnitten. Wir engagieren uns aktiv für den Ausbau unserer Kernkompetenzen in den Bereichen Projektmanagement & Transforma
tion, Data Science sowie digitale Strategie und Innovation. In naher Zukunft wollen wir auch unser branchenspezifisches Fachwissen in Bereichen wie de
m Internet of Things (IoT), Asset Management und Smart Society (Smart City) Initiativen vertiefen.    Unser Engagement für die Weiterentwicklung branc
henspezifischer Kompetenzen positioniert uns für einen anhaltenden Erfolg bei der Entwicklung von transformativen Mobilitätslösungen für unsere Kunden
.    Das ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos    Unterstütze unsere Kundschaft in unterschiedlichen Branchen bei der Analyse und Konzeption p
assender Lösungen.   Du erhebst, modellierst und managst die Bedürfnisse der Kundinnen und Kunden mithilfe von Workshops, Interviews und unterschiedli
chen IT-Tools. Zudem untersuchst du deren Strukturen, Geschäfts- und Kommunikationsprozesse und erkennst Optimierungspotential. Daraus erstellst du Au
swertungen und erarbeitest Lösungen.   Als Schnittstelle zwischen Fach und Informatik berätst du unsere Kundinnen und Kunden.   Du revidierst und beur
teilst diverse Lösungsvarianten hinsichtlich Funktionalität, Qualität und Wirtschaftlichkeit.   In dieser Position arbeitest du eng mit den Kundinnen 
und Kunden zusammen, führst Workshops durch, wendest verschiedene Erhebungstechniken an und erlebst unterschiedliche Einsatzgebiete im klassischen und
 agilen Umfeld.   Projektmitarbeitenden innerhalb der Eraneos stehst du begleitend und coachend zur Seite.      Dieser Job ist für dich, wenn    Dir d
ie Zusammenarbeit mit verschiedenen Menschen Freude bereitet und du gerne gemeinsam im Team Lösungsvorschläge erarbeitest.   Du kommunikativ bist und 
gerne eine vermittelnde Schnittstellenfunktion übernimmst.   Du von Methoden und Techniken zur Erhebung, Dokumentation und Modellierung von Anforderun
gen begeistert bist.   Du Erfahrung in einem der folgenden Bereiche mitbringst: Naturwissenschaften, Wirtschaftswissenschaften oder Ingenieurwissensch
aften und agile Begriffe wie Scrum oder Kanban für dich keine Fremdwörter sind.     Wir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über unsere Website. Dami
t wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome und Arbeitszeugnisse
) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden wir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir freuen.   Wir berück
sichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weitere Auskünfte steht dir Magnai gerne zur Verfügung (E-Mail schreibe
n).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientierung, Religion, Gesch
lechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//Bew
erbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Development Specialist in Adsorption (80-100%)Climeworks AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:ZürichDevelopment Specialist in Adsorption (80-100%) You own the development and implementation of novel adsorption process concepts for Climework
s solid sorbent based DAC technology, aiming at enhancing overall productivity, efficiency and reliability of current and future DAC plants. You suppo
rt targeted measurement campaigns, from lab scale to mid-scale, to assist in the development and validation of Climeworks advanced modeling capabiliti
es for phenomenological and dynamic models application. You work collaboratively within multidisciplinary teams with expertise in testing, material de
velopment, sorbent structure design, material characterization, data science, to support the design of experiments, performance validation, and scale-
up activities.    You conduct single- and multi-objective techno-economic optimization studies of adsorption/desorption process design parameters  You
 collaborate with internal and external partners to further increase the fundamental understanding of Climeworks DAC process and complement Climeworks
 own R&D activities. You generate new ideas and concept to improve Climeworks IP portfolio. You stay abreast of all new relevant technological develop
ment in the field and provide competitive assessment.  You hold a university degree at MSc or PhD level in process engineering, chemical engineering, 
or a related engineering discipline  You bring knowledge in adsorption, thermodynamics or separation processes in general.  Hands-on experience in des
igning and testing adsorption systems and processes is a big plus.  You have some familiarity with dynamic simulations and numerical modelling. You ar
e familiar with sorbent characterization method.  You take ownership, prefer detail-oriented work and thrive working in an interdisciplinary team.  Yo
u are fluent in English. German is beneficial but not required.        What we offer: A horizontal organization, a great team, an improvement-oriented
 approach, and a scale-up venture with an innovative technology. Sounds like you? We are looking forward meeting you! Apply now by filling in the onli
ne application form and uploading your complete dossier to our career’s portal: https://www.climeworks.com/careers          Our promise: At Climeworks
, you are accepted for who you are. As part of our ongoing journey towards creating a diverse and inclusive environment - we encourage everyone to app
ly! All qualified applicants are considered for positions, so bring along your knowledge, personal experiences, and fresh perspectives, and together w
e can solve one of humankind’s greatest challenges. We look forward to getting to know you!          Disclaimer: The percentage in the job title means
 that for this vacancy, you can decide if you want to be employed on a full-time or part-time basis, depending on what works best for your needs.     
    We don’t accept candidate profiles from agencies for our positions. KontaktClimeworks AG(3)40 Jobshttps://www.climeworks.comBewerbenJob merkenDies
en Job melden


PhD Position for exploring the usage of neuromorphic technologies in precision FarmingUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Februar 20
24Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position for exploring the usage of neuromorphic technologies in precision FarmingWe are looki
ng for a motivated and enthusiastic PhD student to work on a project funded by the Digital Society Initiative of Zurich regarding the use of neuromorp
hic technologies in the field of precision farming. The project is broad enough to encompass several possible research directions, according to the in
terests and experience of the PhD student. It involves utilizing both digital and mixed analog-digital neuromorphic technologies to optimize greenhous
e agriculture management. The idea is to proceed on two parallel levels:   Exploiting analog technologies developed in the NCS group for the integrati
on of sensing, actuation, and management (primarily of water and nutrients) on a small scale in greenhouse cultivation in an extremely low-power manne
r. Leveraging digital neuromorphic technologies (such as Loihi or implementations on RISC-V) for monitoring and optimizing greenhouse conditions. Idea
lly, by the end of the project, there should be communication and integration between these two levels.  Various expertise and interests can be explor
ed, particularly:  Experience/interest in bio-inspired Spiking Neural Network (SNN) modeling for developing a chip-compatible network (Dynapse or Loih
i depending on interest) capable of integrating various inputs over different temporal scales. Experience/interest in signal processing to manage chip
 I/O from various sensors. Experience/interest in digital design to explore digital neuromorphic technologies and efficiently implement SNNs on them. 
  PhD Position for exploring the usage of neuromorphic technologies in precision Farming    Your responsibilities You will be responsible for the data
 science and computational aspect of an event-based model aiming at optimizing a variety of aspects in greenhouse management. This requires data curat
ion and devising spiking neural networks with neuromorphic hardware. A great opportunity to interact with researchers from a variety of background at 
all stages in the project.   Your profile You have a master degree in Biomedical engineering, Computer Science, Physics or related fields; knowledge i
n programming, biologically inspired neural network models; good written and spoken English; strong team-working abilities and excellent communication
 skills.   What we offer We offer varied and interesting work in an inspiring and socially relevant environment.Diversity and inclusion are important 
to us. The successful candidate will participate in the ZNZ doctoral program for additional theoretical/practical training and will receive a PhD from
 the Faculty of Science at the University of Zurich. You will spend time mainly at the the Institute for Neuroinformatics and the Digital Society Init
iative Labs in a dynamic and interdisciplinary environment. Zurich is a highly attractive city in beautiful surroundings, with a multinational populat
ion, and many educational and recreational opportunities.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.basc
ompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant senior en analyse de données et en big data (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensu
m:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneConsultant senior en analyse de données et en big data (60-100%, all genders) Notre équipe transfr
ontalière Data & AI donne aux organisations les moyens de libérer le potentiel caché dans leurs données. Grâce à notre expertise approfondie en matièr
e d'analyse de données, de Machine Learning et d'intelligence artificielle, nous aidons les entreprises à exploiter la puissance de leurs données pour
 favoriser une prise de décision éclairée et obtenir des résultats transformateurs.    Que ce soit par le biais d'analyses avancées, de modélisation p
rédictive ou de solutions d'IA générative, nous permettons aux entreprises d'obtenir des informations précieuses, d'optimiser les processus et d'innov
er dans divers secteurs.    En rejoignant Eraneos, vous ferez partie d'une équipe dynamique, qui façonne l'avenir des données et de l'IA, et qui aura 
un impact profond sur la réussite de nos clients. Ensemble, embrassons les possibilités des données et de l'IA et créons un avenir plus radieux grâce 
à l'innovation et aux technologies de pointe.    Voici le poste – Tes tâches principales chez Eraneos    Assistance à l'acquisition et co-conception d
e mandats de conseil.   Gestion de projets d'analyse de données et mandats de conseil en transformation de données ainsi que des projets axés sur le t
hème des grandes données.   Conseil dans les domaines d'activité Solutions et tendances analytiques, Data Science Lab & Services, Data Driven Transfor
mation et Data Engineering.   Collaboration à la poursuite du développement du laboratoire de données Eraneos avec les technologies Big Data.      Ce 
poste est pour toi si    Diplôme universitaire (ETH, Uni, FH) en sciences des données, statistique, informatique, génie électrique ou physique.   L'ac
cent mis sur l'étude ou la recherche et une formation supplémentaire en analyse de données/apprentissage machine sont un avantage.   Au moins 4 ans d'
expérience en consultation et/ou en gestion de projet dans des projets pratiques (pas de recherche).   Au moins 4 ans d'expérience en Analytique et Bi
g Data.   Expérience pratique dans les architectures de grandes données et d'analyse.   Esprit d'équipe avec de bonnes aptitudes à la communication.  
 Volonté de se familiariser rapidement avec de nouveaux sujets et de nouvelles industries.      Compétence complémentaire    Expériences avec la virtu
alisation des données.   Expérience dans la gestion et la gouvernance des données.   Expérience dans l'élaboration de stratégies de numérisation.     
Nous nous réjouissons de recevoir ta candidature directe via notre site Internet. Pour que nous puissions la prendre en compte, nous avons besoin de t
on dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, diplômes et certificats de travail) au format PDF.   Notre équipe de recrutement se tient
 à ta disposition pour tout renseignement complémentaire (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).   Nous n’acceptons pas les candidatures des prestataires de services d
e personnel.   Notre première priorité est que tu nous conviennes et que nous te convenions, quels que soient ton origine, ta nationalité, ton orienta
tion sexuelle, ta religion, ton identité de genre, ton âge, ton handicap ou tout autre aspect de la diversité. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobs
https://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior NGS Scientist (Intern)Sophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleJunior NG
S Scientist (Intern)Complete an internship project at SOPHiA GENETICS whose mission is to drive forward the future of liquid biopsy testing by joining
 the Data Science team as a Junior NGS Scientist (Intern).     Your mission:  Contributing to liquid biopsy product development and collaborative rese
arch projects, you will work alongside with technical product managers, NGS scientists and data analysts to expand the power of the SOPHiA GENETICS li
quid biopsy assay portfolio. You will be placed at the nexus of wide-ranging product development activities and support the design and execution of R&
D activities to explore the benefit of including additional disease markers and investigate the utility of liquid biopsy testing.  Location: Rolle, VD
   Start: June 2024   Contract type: Career Explorer  Duration: 6 months    Schedule:  Full time (40 hours/week)     You will be involved in:   Suppor
t subject matter experts with the gathering of scientific and technical information during the planning phase and gain knowledge of state-of-the art g
enomic analysis and diagnostic protocols. Communicate both internally and externally with research collaborators to share research goals, coordinate a
ctivities and track progress. Use issue & project tracking software to plan and report R&D activities and obtain an overview of project management. Fa
miliarize yourself with design control procedures in an industry setting to gain insights into product development within a world-leading biotechnolog
y company.   Requirements   The experience you bring   A qualification in a biology-related subject and thorough experience with standard molecular bi
ology techniques (e.g., centrifugation, PCR, electrophoresis, etc.) Eagerness to familiarize yourself with new technologies, ability to acknowledge kn
owledge gaps and curiosity enabling you to overcome these. While hands-on experience of NGS library preparation, sequencing procedures would be benefi
cial. Excellent command of written English, ability to summarize information and present your insights and results to an audience in a concise manner.
 Good communicator, you demonstrate sociability and enjoy interacting with different people.   Benefits   Application process  Apply now with your CV 
and any supporting information. Suitably qualified candidates will be invited through an interview and screening process where you will speak with mem
bers of our Talent Acquisition Team, the hiring leader, alongside key colleagues, and stakeholders from across the business.  All resumes should be in
 English for a successful review!     SOPHiA GENETICS:  We believe there is a smarter, more data-driven way to make decisions in healthcare and our AI
 SaaS Platform enables that. You will have direct input into our mission to radically improve the outcomes for Cancer & Rare Disease patients globally
. Enable our customers to push industry boundaries, as we pioneer into newly discovered fields and combine complex, multi-modal data for the first tim
e! For more information, visit our website: https://www.sophiagenetics.com. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensic Technology / eDiscovery KPMGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:Geneva 
or ZurichMembers of our Forensic Technology team have a trivial part in the delivery of large data-driven projects for our clients whom are facing a c
risis situation either through external factors like a data breach/financial fraud or are being investigated by a regulatory body. You will drive our 
response by securing, investigating and handling of digital evidence and electronic information.   Your contribution to KPMG     Play a key role to he
lp investigation teams to establish what has happened, uncovering what occurred, when, who was involved, how, and its impact Apply advanced investigat
ive and visualization techniques, machine learning and predictive coding algorithms to get faster and better insights into collected data Contribute t
o the development of novel tools and methodologies, and building scripts to enhance delivery of digital forensic services Identify, secure and acquire
 digital evidence from a broad range of data sources such as computer/laptop hard drives, USB and external storage devices, mobile devices, networks, 
server systems and IoT devices Perform digital forensic analysis and evaluation of data from various sources using specialized tools and state-of-the-
art methodologies Manage and maintain KPMG's digital forensic lab and equipment, and contribute to training, mentoring and guiding team members on rel
ated methodologies, best practices, tools and capabilities Help with managing operational elements of KPMG's digital forensic technology solutions, su
ch as: developing, implementing and maintaining digital forensic service operating procedures and playbooks    This is what makes you successful     H
old a master's degree in data science, computer science, natural science, engineering and other related majors Technology focused, curious with a keen
 eye for detail, will to be challenged by taking on responsibility and handle the pressure of delivering quality results to demanding timelines Good k
nowledge of programming language (e.g., Python, C#) and data query language (SQL) Strong Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing technics (te
xt classification, semantic search) Proficient with one of the major eDiscovery platforms (Relativity, Reveal, Recommind) and experience with forensic
 collections (Encase / FTK / Cellebrite, etc.) Good knowledge of the operating systems (Microsoft Windows, Unix, MacOS) Proficient in English; German 
or French are a strong advantage    Your benefits   We offer a range of generous benefits designed to help you thrive with us and benefit for life. Di
scover them below. KPMG as an employerWe provide a dynamic work environment that is fast-paced and often reactive to the needs of our clients. We are 
flexible, responsive, and above all committed to the quality and integrity of our work. As a new joiner to the team, you will experience dedicated col
leagues to ensure your development and success on every project. You will be encouraged to think independently and provide creative ideas and solution
s to increase the quality of our overall service. Our attractive Forensic client portfolio will ensure that no day will be the same, making this a fas
cinating position. https://home.kpmg/ch/en/home/services/advisory/forensic/forensic-technology.htmlKPMG is known for providing clear and consistent so
lutions in the areas of auditing and advisory services. The broad palette of services across many subject matters and industries allows the provision 
of multidisciplinary services from a single source for our clients on the one hand and diverse careers and development options for our employees on th
e other hand. Our dealings are fair and frank and we strive to always look at the results of our work through the eyes of our clients. At KPMG, we are
 aware that if we add value for our clients, we also do the same for ourselves.  Do you have any questions?   Haig IlanjianHuman Resources+41 58 249 3
8 80  KPMG1227 Geneva or Zurich  KontaktKPMG(0)80 Jobshttp://www.kpmg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ICT Project Manager/in Public Transport (80-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichICT Project Manager/in Public Transport (80-100%, all genders) Die Dienstleistungen des Clusters Mobilität sind auf
 die Automobil-, Transport- und Logistik- sowie die Immobilienbranche zugeschnitten. Wir engagieren uns aktiv für den Ausbau unserer Kernkompetenzen i
n den Bereichen Projektmanagement & Transformation, Data Science sowie digitale Strategie und Innovation. In naher Zukunft wollen wir auch unser branc
henspezifisches Fachwissen in Bereichen wie dem Internet of Things (IoT), Asset Management und Smart Society (Smart City) Initiativen vertiefen.   Uns
er Engagement für die Weiterentwicklung branchenspezifischer Kompetenzen positioniert uns für einen anhaltenden Erfolg bei der Entwicklung von transfo
rmativen Mobilitätslösungen für unsere Kunden.  Das ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos   Du hilfst mit, die Zukunft der Mobilität zu gestal
ten, zu optimieren und nachhaltiger auszuprägen. Als Teil des Teams unterstützt du unsere Kundschaft bei der Digitalisierung und Automatisierung der I
nfrastruktur des öffentlichen Verkehrs.   Du leitest spannende und herausfordernde Mandate bei der Kundschaft von der Idee bis zur Umsetzung und stehs
t Eraneos-Projektmitarbeitenden fachlich zur Seite.   In den Projekten bringst du deine ICT Expertise ein, erstellst Studien, Strategien und Konzepte 
und optimierst in den Themenbereichen Telekommunikation, Leittechnik, Informatik sowie generell im Asset Management. Ebenso gehören Beschaffungen und 
Umsetzungsbegleitungen zu deinem Aufgabengebiet.    Dieser Job ist für dich, wenn   Du etwas im Mobilitätsbereich bewegen willst.   Du uns mit deinem 
breiten ICT-Know-how unterstützen möchtest.   Du Erfahrungen in den Branchen Öffentlicher Verkehr, Bahnindustrie oder Telekom/IT-Service-Provider mitb
ringst.   Du dich vertieft mit Fachgebieten wie z.B. Mobilkommunikation, Leitsysteme, IoT oder Datennetze auskennst.   Dich Zukunftsthemen wie ATO, FR
MCS, ERTMS, Digital Asset Management usw. interessieren und du aktiv die Zukunft der Mobilität mitgestalten möchtest.   Du Freude daran hast, dich kon
tinuierlich in den Themen Projektmanagement, Telekommunikation, Leittechnik, IoT und Informatik weiterzubilden.   Du die Möglichkeit haben willst auch
 einmal einen Einsatz im näheren europäischen Umfeld zu absolvieren    Als i-Tüpfelchen bringst du mit   Generelles Bahn- und Mobilitäts-Know-how   Ke
nntnisse in der Bahnleittechnik   Kenntnisse in der Mobilkommunikation   Kenntnisse im Asset Management (ISO 55001)   Erfahrungen in der agilen Projek
tabwicklung       Wir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über unsere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von di
r deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome und Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben
 möchtest, würden wir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir freuen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstlei
stern.   Für weitere Auskünfte steht dir Magnai gerne zur Verfügung (E-Mail schreiben).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu
 dir, unabhängig von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientierung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der
 Vielfalt. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:
60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos ist ein global tät
iges Management- und Technologieberatungsunternehmen. Wir gestalten gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden die digitale Zukunft.     "Daten werden der zentrale 
Rohstoff aller Unternehmen. Wir helfen unseren Kunden, den Wert ihrer Daten zu erschliessen."    Unser Data & AI-Team unterstützt Unternehmen dabei, i
hre Daten optimal zu nutzen, um fundierte Geschäftsentscheide zu treffen und Wettbewerbsvorteile zu erzielen. Wir begleiten unsere Kunden entlang der 
ganzen Daten-Wertschöpfungskette: von der Daten- und AI-Strategie, dem Data Management und dem Finden innovativer Use Cases über Projektleitungen und 
dem Implementieren von Cloud- und On Prem-Plattformen bis hin zum Data Engineering und der Implementierung von GenAI- und Machine Learning-Modellen.  
  Das ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos    In unserer aktiven, motivierten Community von rund 50 Data & AI Beratern in der Schweiz arbeite
st du kundennah und «an der Front» in verschiedenen Projekten mit, um mit quantitativen Methoden die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden zu lösen. Der Wi
ssensaustausch mit der Community und das aktive Mitdenken und Mitgestalten unserer stark wachsenden Dienstleistungen gehören ebenfalls mit dazu. Inter
national können wir auf ein Netzwerk von über 150 Spezialistinnen und Spezialisten zurückgreifen.        Deine Aufgaben umfassen:      Beratung des Ku
nden zu Themen rund um Daten und Data Engineering, Verstehen der Herausforderungen des Kunden und Ableiten von passenden Lösungsvorschlägen    Durchfü
hrung von Kundenprojekten in verschieden Rollen     Unterstützung in der Akquise von neuen Projekten    Möglichkeit, Eraneos und insbesondere das Data
 & AI-Team mitzugestalten       Dieser Job ist für Dich, wenn     Du es liebst, Probleme zu lösen und du helfen möchtest, die Herausforderungen unsere
r Kunden mit den passendsten Mitteln anzugehen.    Du Erfahrung im Data Engineering und den relevanten Technologien hast, beispielsweise SQL, Snowflak
e, databricks, dbt, Hadoop, Spark, Python, …    Du Erfahrung im Umgang mit verschiedensten Datenbanktechnologien und grossen Datensets hast.     Du Er
fahrung im Aufbau und der Automatisierung von Data Pipelines mitbringst, die Architektur mitgeprägt hast, dich um Data Extraction, Data Load und Data 
Transformation gekümmert hast.    Du Erfahrung im Cloud-Umfeld mitbringst, idealerweise Azure oder AWS.    Du eine kommunikative Persönlichkeit bist u
nd du Spass daran hast, mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen und verschiedenen Kunden zusammenzuarbeiten.    Du bereits über praktische Beratungs- und Projekt
erfahrung verfügst und du eine praktische, ergebnisorientierte Mentalität hast.    Du über einen ETH- oder Uni-Masterabschluss in einer quantitativen 
Disziplin verfügst, wie z.B. Informatik, Data Science, Mathematik, Physik, Maschinenbau oder Elektrotechnik.    Deine Deutsch- oder Französisch-Kenntn
isse verhandlungssicher sind und du Englisch sprichst.       Als i-Tüpfelchen bringst Du mit      Zertifizierung für Azure, AWS, GCP, Snowflake      W
ir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über unsere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständig
en Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome und Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden w
ir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir freuen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weiter
e Auskünfte steht dir Nadine gerne zur Verfügung (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig
 von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientierung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. Konta
ktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h)Assura SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:LausanneDéveloppeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h)Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h) Assura est un acteur
 majeur de l'assurance-maladie en Suisse, engagé et responsable. Nos convictions et valeurs nous portent chaque jour et fondent notre singularité. Nou
s rejoindre, c'est découvrir un domaine d'activité passionnant et utile où chaque journée est différente. Pour notre département Informatique de notre
 succursale de Lausanne, nous recherchons un: Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h) Vos challenges  Développer, gérer, déployer e
t intégrer de nouvelles sources de données Analyser les demandes, développer le Backend/Frontend, gérer l’exploitation et les déploiements Accompagner
 les métiers, et plus particulièrement les Data Analysts, dans la formulation de leurs demandes et dans l’exploitation de leurs données Charger, conso
lider et assurer la qualité et la disponibilité des données remontées dans la plateforme analytique depuis les systèmes tiers Monitorer les chaines de
 chargement et garantir la disponibilité des données.  Vos talents  Vous êtes au bénéfice d’un diplôme universitaire ou d’une école supérieure spécial
isée dans le domaine de la Data Vous maîtrisez l’environnement Microsoft SQL Server 2019, de GIT, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, DevOps et pi
pelines, Azure, Python, R, et avez de très bonnes connaissances de l’architecture et de la modélisation de base de données Vous possédez une expérienc
e confirmée d’au moins 2 ans en conception et en réalisation de solutions BI, une expérience en data science (AI/ML) et cloud ainsi qu’en analyse de d
onnées Vous êtes créatif, apte à travailler de manière autonome et pourvu d’un bon esprit d’analyse Vous êtes à l’aise avec les concepts de l’agilité 
Vous êtes capable de travailler en équipe Vous parlez couramment français et possédez de bonnes connaissances de l’anglais et de l’allemand.  Nos avan
tages  Semaine de travail de 40 heures (à 100%) Minimum 5 semaines de vacances Possibilité de télétravail Participation mensuelle aux frais de déplace
ment si abonnement de transports publics Prestations sociales attractives et importante réduction sur l’assurance-maladie Welcome Day et formation int
erne métier  Chez Assura, chacun est essentiel. Depuis sa création en 1978, Assura s’engage en faveur d’un système de santé social, de qualité et effi
cace ; un système qui se concentre sur l’essentiel et donne à tous les mêmes chances de guérison, tout en encourageant les efforts d’efficience de tou
s les acteurs. Notre culture d’entreprise est bâtie sur l’accessibilité et l’ouverture ainsi qu’un fort esprit collaboratif. Et chacun de nos 1’700 co
llaborateurs est essentiel. Et visitez aussi notre site assura.ch pour encore plus d’infos. Si vous correspondez au profil recherché, veuillez nous fa
ire parvenir un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, copie de tous vos diplômes et de tous vos certificats de travail, etc). Nous
 vous remercions pour l’intérêt que vous portez à notre société et nous réjouissons de prendre connaissance de votre postulation. Anstellungsbeginn: A
 convenir Arbeitsort: Lausanne Pensum: 80%-100% Dauer der Aktivität: indéterminéeKontaktAssura SA(11)35 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Strategic Pricing Specialist 100% (f/m/d)Bank Julius Bär & Co. AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:ZürichStrategic Pricing Specialist 100% (f/m/d) At Julius Baer, we celebrate and value the individual qualities you bring, enabling you to be impa
ctful, to be entrepreneurial, to be empowered, and to create value beyond wealth. Let’s shape the future of wealth management together.       Accelera
te your career and become part of a renowned private bank in Switzerland. Contribute to the bank’s revenue situation in Julius Baer’s Pricing Team for
 Switzerland & Europe. Our team drives strategic cross-divisional initiatives, identifies and conceptualizes revenue optimization measures, and report
s insights to the Group CFO and other members of the senior management team. We closely collaborate with our colleagues at the Front to support with p
ricing guidance and transparency on our own pricing platforms & tools. You will be responsible for your own projects and initiatives while working wit
h driven and supportive colleagues. We are a young and energetic team with backgrounds in strategy consulting and banking.You will have exposure to ke
y stakeholders across various bank divisions, which will be a great opportunity to build your network.     IHRE AUFGABEN    Drive strategic pricing in
itiatives from concept to implementation in close collaboration with team members and key stakeholders (Front Regions, Product/Sales Units, Finance, e
tc.)   Independently conceptualize revenue & pricing measures and evaluate their impact potential (i.e. business case calculation) for regions Switzer
land & Europe   Identify current revenue challenges, potential improvement levers, and design new pricing strategies (e.g., digital assets/wealth)   A
nalyse revenue situation and trends (e.g., pricing situation, product & price model usage, price level enforcement)   Prepare presentations and materi
al for senior management and stakeholder soundings   Coordinate rollout and implementation of initiatives including project planning/ tracking, budget
ing, change management activities, impact monitoring etc.   Ensure translation of initiative related business requirements into process and tool speci
fications with product owners and developers          YOUR PROFILE    Exceptional academic record: Master's degree from a university or university of 
applied sciences, ideally in finance, economics, data science, mathematics or business administration   At least 3 - 5 years of professional experienc
e in strategy consulting or strategy/corporate development,  preferably in the financial industry   Strong analysis and problem-solving skills, passio
nate about data analytics (command of the Python data stack an advantage)   Outstanding project management and organization skills   Excellent communi
cation and presentation skills (incl. command of Power Point)   Proactive mindset and willingness to take on responsibility   Reliable and precise in 
terms of quality and deadlines   Team player and professional interaction with stakeholders   Fluent in German & English, other languages an advantage
       We are looking forward to receiving your full job application through our online application tool. Further interesting job opportunities can be
 found on our Career site.  Is this not quite what you are looking for? Set up a job alert by creating a candidate account  here. KontaktBank Julius B
är & Co. AG(19)48 Jobshttps://www.juliusbaer.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN - SUPSIScuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08
 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lugano2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN - SUPSI2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN 
Scadenza: 23 maggio 2024 La Scuola Universitaria Professionale della Svizzera Italiana (SUPSI) mette a concorso due posizioni come Collaboratrice scie
ntifica / Collaboratore scientifico in ingegneria informatica e data enineering presso l’Istituto Sistemi Informativi e Networking (ISIN) del Dipartim
ento Tecnologie Innovative (DTI) con sede a Lugano. Grado di occupazione del 100%. Entrata in servizio 1° ottobre 2024 o data da convenire. Ambito e s
copo della posizioneLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed sit amet ipsum odio. Donec at libero a metus rhoncus scelerisque. Nun
c quis tristique elit. Nullam auctor vel risus vehicula pulvinar. Sed pellentesque felis neque, maximus sodales ipsum placerat sed. Proin dignissim or
ci in cursus rhoncus. Nunc egestas libero purus, accumsan consectetur orci consequat vel. Pellentesque eu pellentesque dolor. Responsabilità e attivit
à  Contribuire alla realizzazione di progetti di ricerca applicata negli ambiti dell’Information & Communication Technology (ICT) e del Data Engineeri
ng, in collaborazione con aziende del territorio. Contribuire attivamente allo sviluppo dell’Istituto.  RequisitiEssenziali  Master in ingegneria info
rmatica o titolo equivalente. Competenze nell’ambito del software engineering e nell’applicazione delle metodologie di sviluppo software. Competenze n
ell’ambito del data engineering e della data science. Conoscenze dei principali linguaggi, frameworks e tools di sviluppo software, con particolare ap
penzione alle soluzioni per Machine e Deep Learning applicati. Ottima conoscenza della lingua inglese, parlata e scritta. Buone capacità relazionali, 
buone capacità organizzative e propensione al problem solving. Buona capacità di lavorare in gruppi di lavoro etereogenei coniugate alla capacità di g
estire le problematiche in modo autonomo. Competenze nell’ambito della computer vision e dell’audio-video processing. Competenze nell’ambito del cloud
 computing e dei sistemi distribuiti. Competenze nello sviluppo di applicazioni di realtà virtuale, realtà aumentata e realtà mista. Esperienze di tea
m management. Buona conoscenza dell'italiano scritto e parlato. Conoscenza di una seconda lingua nazionale. Conoscenza del contesto industriale svizze
ro.  Offriamo  Possibilità di partecipare a progetti di ricerca e a conferenze internazionali. Ambiente di lavoro giovane, dinamico, in continua evolu
zione, composto da un team motivato e in crescita. Salario in linea con gli standard svizzeri e l’esperienza del candidato. Un contratto a tempo deter
minato (3 anni).  Informazioni per la candidaturaI requisiti per questa funzione sono pubblicati nelle “Direttive interne SUPSI” e nel “Regolamento de
l personale SUPSI” disponibili nella pagina “Documenti ufficiali”. Informazioni supplementari possono essere richieste a: Tiziano Leidi Documenti da a
llegare alla candidatura:  Lettera di motivazione Curriculum vitae Diplomi e certificati di studio, inclusi i voti Elenco di indirizzi e-Mail di tre r
eferenze Copia del documento di identità Estratto casellario giudiziale con validità sei mesi.  Non sono accettate candidature incomplete, inviate ad 
altri indirizzi o oltre il termine stabilito.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Development Specialist in Adsorption (80-100%)Climeworks AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:ZürichLead Development Specialist in Adsorption (80-100%) You own the development and implementation of novel adsorption process concepts for
 Climeworks solid sorbent based DAC technology, aiming at enhancing overall productivity, efficiency and reliability of current and future DAC plants.
 You lead targeted measurement campaigns, from lab scale to full scale, to support the development and validation of Climeworks advanced modeling capa
bilities for phenomenological and dynamic models application. You work collaboratively within multidisciplinary teams with expertise in testing, mater
ial development, sorbent structure design, material characterization, data science, process engineering, product design, plant design to support the d
esign of experiments, performance validation, and scale-up activities.    You conduct single- and multi-objective techno-economic optimization studies
 of adsorption/desorption process design parameters  You collaborate closely with the Plant Operations Engineering team to validate plant performance 
models. You manage collaboration with internal and external partners geared towards increasing the fundamental understand of Climeworks DAC process an
d complement Climeworks own R&D activities. You mentor and train junior member of the team.  You generate new ideas and concept to improve Climeworks 
IP portfolio. You stay abreast of all new relevant technological development in the field and provide competitive assessment.  You hold a university d
egree at PhD level in process engineering, chemical engineering, or a related engineering discipline.  You bring advanced knowledge in adsorption, the
rmodynamics or separation processes in general.  You have at least 10 years of industrial experience in a similar role. Hands-on experience in designi
ng and testing adsorption systems and processes is a big plus.  You have experience in and enjoy dynamic simulations and numerical modelling. You are 
familiar with sorbent characterization method.  You take ownership, prefer detail-oriented work and thrive working in an interdisciplinary team.  You 
are fluent in English. German is beneficial but not required.        What we offer: A horizontal organization, a great team, an improvement-oriented a
pproach, and a scale-up venture with an innovative technology. Sounds like you? We are looking forward meeting you! Apply now by filling in the online
 application form and uploading your complete dossier to our career’s portal: https://www.climeworks.com/careers          Our promise: At Climeworks, 
you are accepted for who you are. As part of our ongoing journey towards creating a diverse and inclusive environment - we encourage everyone to apply
! All qualified applicants are considered for positions, so bring along your knowledge, personal experiences, and fresh perspectives, and together we 
can solve one of humankind’s greatest challenges. We look forward to getting to know you!          Disclaimer: The percentage in the job title means t
hat for this vacancy, you can decide if you want to be employed on a full-time or part-time basis, depending on what works best for your needs.       
  We don’t accept candidate profiles from agencies for our positions. KontaktClimeworks AG(3)40 Jobshttps://www.climeworks.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen
 Job melden


PhD in Climate Sciences: Next-generation vegetation modelling 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD in Climate Sciences: Next-generation vegetation modelling 100 %Institute of Geography, University of BernStart of emplo
yment: 01.09.2024 latestTemporary employmentOur group for Geocomputation and Earth Observation develops new model and data integration methods to gain
 a mechanistic understanding of biogeochemical cycling in ecosystems, water-carbon coupling, and forest responses to climate change. We are hosted at 
the Institute of Geography, University of Bern, and work at the intersection of Earth system science, ecophysiology, ecology, applied statistics, and 
high-performance computing. Within the Virtual Earth Systems Research Insitute project LEMONTREE (Land Ecosystem Models based On New Theory, obseRvati
ons, and ExperimEnts), we are recruiting a PhD student.  PhD in Climate Sciences: Next-generation vegetation modelling    Tasks This project will tack
le one of the major sources for uncertainty in climate and Earth system projections reliable predictions of how water and nutrients govern vegetation,
 carbon and water cycling, and their responses to a changing climate and CO2. The aim is to integrate eco-evolutionary optimality theory and observati
onal constraints into a dynamic model for simulating global land ecosystem functioning and structure. You will innovate towards a next-generation vege
tation model by combining improved ecosystem process understanding and first principles, numerical modelling, and model-data integration methods. Your
 work will extend the model developed and maintained in our group, integrating novel theory development by the LEMONTREE project partners. You will ap
ply the model for testing novel theory against different observational data, including satellite remote sensing observations, ecosystem flux data, and
 ecosystem manipulation experiments. The PhD will be designed to maintaining intellectual freedom to refine project directions. Your work will generat
e improved predictive methods for climate change impacts in land ecosystems.   Requirements The candidate must hold a MSc degree in natural sciences, 
mathematics, or engineering and should demonstrate proficient English written and oral skills and excellent analytical and numerical skills. Experienc
e with programming and other data science methods are an asset and an open and collaborative mentality for the development of our computational infras
tructure is expected. The latest starting date for the PhD project is September 2024.   We offer We offer the candidate to be part of a small group wi
th a strong collaborative philosophy and to benefit from a leading academic environment, from an international collaboration within the project and fr
om the excellent quality of life in Switzerland. This PhD will be placed within the Graduate School of Climate Sciences at Oeschger Centre for Climate
 Change Research (OCCR) and will draw on supervisory expertise and that bridges ecosystem science, hydrology, vegetation modelling, and climate scienc
e. For further information about our group please visit Geco-group.org. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. B. Stocker by ema
il: E-Mail schreiben (no applications). KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


HID Algorithms Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:ZürichHID Algorithms Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)HID Algorithms Engineer Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Hardware Join the innovative engineering te
am that uses sensor signal processing to produce the next generation of human interfaces for AirPods, iPhone, iPad, Mac, and exciting new products. Ou
r team comes from diverse backgrounds, including signal and image processing, statistics, machine learning, controls, physics, firmware and software d
evelopment, neuroscience, and human factors. We are looking for a skilled algorithm engineer who works well in cross-disciplinary teams over a full pr
oduct cycle. HID operates at the intersection of hardware, software, and design. This means that the wide variety of problems you will solve have many
 interesting facets and you will get to work with specialists from all across Apple. Key Qualifications  Proficiency in C / C++ Experience developing 
for resource-constrained environments (e.g., embedded systems) Experience with automated data processing, in a high-level language like Python Solid a
lgorithm or math fundamentals. You will be comfortable working with (and learning as necessary) topics like machine learning, statistics, signal proce
ssing, etc. Excellent problem-solving and root-cause analysis skills  Description We are looking for an algorithm engineer who can write efficient and
 scalable C / C++ code to perform signal processing and ML algorithms in multiple compute environments. You will work with other algorithm engineers t
o analyze and validate algorithm prototypes. You will then architect and code the algorithm implementation, often targeting embedded or resource-const
rained systems. You will work with software and firmware engineers to integrate your code into the product. You will also help architect, develop, and
 optimize data processing and machine learning frameworks. This is a role where you will design, develop, and support high quality, scalable algorithm
 implementations and data processing pipelines that enable rapid algorithm development, analysis, and implementation for Apple products. Education & E
xperience B.S. or M.S. in EE, CS, ME, mathematics, physics, or another engineering or technical field We would appreciate additional experience with: 
Experience with real-time data, such as signal processing, finance, or online machine learning Machine learning and data science tools, deployment of 
machine learning models Infrastructure development for large-scale data processing and annotation Optimizing data processing workflows through cloud-b
ased storage Additional Requirements  Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative ac
tion to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabi
lities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applic
ants. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview proce
ss, perform crucial job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation. KontaktAppl
e Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Hedge fund analyst with quantitative background_GenevaBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:GenfHedge fund analyst with quantitative background_Geneva Your team Pictet Asset Management (Pictet AM) manages the assets of some of t
he world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries, and their clients. Within Pictet AM, our Total Return business is a leading European hedge 
Fund manager with a global presence and a wide range of strategies, ranging from directional to market neutral, as well as a multi-manager fund with a
 19-year track record. We are looking for a hedge fund analyst to work within our Total Return Equities team and help us continue to build and strengt
hen our processes through deep analyses across a wide variety of subject matter, including capital allocation decisions, risk management, working dire
ctly with some of the investment teams to help enhance their investment processes and decision making, and the use of alternative data. You will work 
in the Equity Total Return team and support the wider Total Return business with data management and insightful analyses. The successful candidate wil
l join a dynamic environment and be based in Geneva (preferred) or London. Your role Providing the investment committees of our multi-manager funds wi
th the transparency and insights needed to allocate capital to the various managers. Maintaining and further automating our data acquisition and proce
ssing infrastructure. Leading research aimed at improving the risk-adjusted performance of the multi-manager funds focusing on portfolio construction 
and tail-risk management; assessing, for this purpose, the usefulness of various data sources (macro data, hedge fund positioning and flows, crowding 
indicators, fundamental factor performance, alternative data, etc.) and several commercial risk models. Being willing to develop an in-depth understan
ding of many hedge fund strategies across asset classes, studying their diversification potential and helping with the quantitative assessment of cand
idate strategies. Working closely with our hedge fund managers to develop processes and tools aimed at enhancing risk awareness and improving investme
nt decision-making with the help of statistical and various types models. Collaborating with other quantitative analysts and data scientists at Pictet
 AM to identify useful patterns and signals from alternative data sources to enhance our investment processes. Building strong relationships with the 
Investment Risk, Investment Technology, and Reporting teams to enhance performance attribution, stress testing and the automation of reporting tasks. 
Your profile 3-5 years experience at a multi-manager hedge fund or possessing a strong and in-depth understanding of various hedge fund strategies (fu
ndamental, systematic, macro, and/or event driven). Quantitative background (university degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, 
engineering, or quantitative finance). Expert level in Python and the standard data science packages (e.g., pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, SciPy, etc.) 
and comfortable with relational database programming (SQL). Previous experience with Snowflake, AWS, data visualisation tools and languages (Tableau),
 and machine learning would be a plus. Familiarity with fundamental factor risk models (Axioma, Bloomberg MAC2 & MAC3, Barra) would be a plus. Strong 
communication skills: ability to communicate results to a non-technical audience. Good command of English; French would be a plus. Note We will not ac
cept any CVs via agencies. REF: HFAQ/CM/FC Diversity & Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse enviro
nment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclusion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h)Assura SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:LausanneDéveloppeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h)Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse (f/h) Assura est un act
eur majeur de l'assurance-maladie en Suisse, engagé et responsable. Nos convictions et valeurs nous portent chaque jour et fondent notre singularité. 
Nous rejoindre, c'est découvrir un domaine d'activité passionnant et utile où chaque journée est différente. Pour notre département Développement et M
arketing de notre succursale de Lausanne, nous recherchons un : Développeur en Business intelligence / Datawarehouse 80-100% (f/h) Vos challenges  Dév
elopper, gérer, déployer et intégrer de nouvelles sources de données Analyser les demandes, développer le Backend/Frontend, gérer l’exploitation et le
s déploiements Accompagner les métiers, et plus particulièrement les Data Analysts, dans la formulation de leurs demandes et dans l’exploitation de le
urs données Charger, consolider et assurer la qualité et la disponibilité des données remontées dans la plateforme analytique depuis les systèmes tier
s Monitorer les chaines de chargement et garantir la disponibilité des données.  Vos talents  Vous êtes au bénéfice d’un diplôme universitaire ou d’un
e école supérieure spécialisée dans le domaine de la Data Vous maîtrisez l’environnement Microsoft SQL Server 2019, de GIT, Microsoft SQL Server Manag
ement Studio, DevOps et pipelines, Azure, Python, R, et avez de très bonnes connaissances de l’architecture et de la modélisation de base de données V
ous possédez une expérience confirmée d’au moins 2 ans en conception et en réalisation de solutions BI, une expérience en data science (AI/ML) et clou
d ainsi qu’en analyse de données Vous êtes créatif, apte à travailler de manière autonome et pourvu d’un bon esprit d’analyse Vous êtes à l’aise avec 
les concepts de l’agilité Vous êtes capable de travailler en équipe Vous parlez couramment français et possédez de bonnes connaissances de l’anglais e
t de l’allemand.  Nos avantages  Semaine de travail de 40 heures (à 100%) Minimum 5 semaines de vacances Possibilité de télétravail Participation mens
uelle aux frais de déplacement si abonnement de transports publics Prestations sociales attractives et importante réduction sur l’assurance-maladie We
lcome Day et formation interne métier  Chez Assura, chacun est essentiel. Depuis sa création en 1978, Assura s’engage en faveur d’un système de santé 
social, de qualité et efficace ; un système qui se concentre sur l’essentiel et donne à tous les mêmes chances de guérison, tout en encourageant les e
fforts d’efficience de tous les acteurs. Notre culture d’entreprise est bâtie sur l’accessibilité et l’ouverture ainsi qu’un fort esprit collaboratif.
 Et chacun de nos 1’700 collaborateurs est essentiel. Et visitez aussi notre site assura.ch pour encore plus d’infos. Si vous correspondez au profil r
echerché, veuillez nous faire parvenir un dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, copie de tous vos diplômes et de tous vos certific
ats de travail, etc). Nous vous remercions pour l’intérêt que vous portez à notre société et nous réjouissons de prendre connaissance de votre postula
tion. Anstellungsbeginn: A convenir Arbeitsort: Lausanne Pensum: 80%-100% Dauer der Aktivität: IndéterminéeKontaktAssura SA(11)35 JobsBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Hedge fund analyst with quantitative background_GenevaBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:GenfHedge fund analyst with quantitative background_Geneva Your team Pictet Asset Management (Pictet AM) manages the assets of some of t
he world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries, and their clients. Within Pictet AM, our Total Return business is a leading European hedge 
Fund manager with a global presence and a wide range of strategies, ranging from directional to market neutral, as well as a multi-manager fund with a
 19-year track record. We are looking for a hedge fund analyst to work within our Total Return Equities team and help us continue to build and strengt
hen our processes through deep analyses across a wide variety of subject matter, including capital allocation decisions, risk management, working dire
ctly with some of the investment teams to help enhance their investment processes and decision making, and the use of alternative data. You will work 
in the Equity Total Return team and support the wider Total Return business with data management and insightful analyses. The successful candidate wil
l join a dynamic environment and be based in Geneva (preferred) or London. Your role Providing the investment committees of our multi-manager funds wi
th the transparency and insights needed to allocate capital to the various managers. Maintaining and further automating our data acquisition and proce
ssing infrastructure. Leading research aimed at improving the risk-adjusted performance of the multi-manager funds focusing on portfolio construction 
and tail-risk management; assessing, for this purpose, the usefulness of various data sources (macro data, hedge fund positioning and flows, crowding 
indicators, fundamental factor performance, alternative data, etc.) and several commercial risk models. Being willing to develop an in-depth understan
ding of many hedge fund strategies across asset classes, studying their diversification potential and helping with the quantitative assessment of cand
idate strategies. Working closely with our hedge fund managers to develop processes and tools aimed at enhancing risk awareness and improving investme
nt decision-making with the help of statistical and various types models. Collaborating with other quantitative analysts and data scientists at Pictet
 AM to identify useful patterns and signals from alternative data sources to enhance our investment processes. Building strong relationships with the 
Investment Risk, Investment Technology, and Reporting teams to enhance performance attribution, stress testing and the automation of reporting tasks. 
Your profile 3-5 years experience at a multi-manager hedge fund or possessing a strong and in-depth understanding of various hedge fund strategies (fu
ndamental, systematic, macro, and/or event driven). Quantitative background (university degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, 
engineering, or quantitative finance). Expert level in Python and the standard data science packages (e.g., pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, SciPy, etc.) 
and comfortable with relational database programming (SQL). Previous experience with Snowflake, AWS, data visualisation tools and languages (Tableau),
 and machine learning would be a plus. Familiarity with fundamental factor risk models (Axioma, Bloomberg MAC2 & MAC3, Barra) would be a plus. Strong 
communication skills: ability to communicate results to a non-technical audience. Good command of English; French would be a plus. Note We will not ac
cept any CVs via agencies. REF: HFAQ/CM/FC Diversity & Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse enviro
nment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclusion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Regulatory Affairs (Project) Manager (m/f/d)F. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:RotkreuzRegulatory Affairs (Project) Manager (m/f/d)Roche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When de
aling with healthcare on a global scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s v
aried healthcare needs. Together, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Po
sition As an International Regulatory Project Manager you will be a member of CDx International Cdx within the International Regulatory Chapter. In th
is position you will focus on the support and delivery of high quality regulatory submissions of companion diagnostics to Health Authorities worldwide
 (except US/EU) for the Roche portfolio.     Your opportunities:     Products for the respective area of responsibility shall obtain Regulatory approv
als in defined markets in close cooperation with other functions.   The documents/deliverables for submissions are coordinated and compiled in a timel
y manner to support planned product registration timelines.   The obtained Regulatory approvals/licenses products are maintained throughout the life c
ycle of the product by managing successful health authority notifications and submission, in accordance with quality management system change control 
processes.   Ensure efficiency and success of Regulatory activities and strategies while collaborating closely with other functions, stakeholders and 
external partners (authorities, companies, NBs etc).   Provide input to project and product regulatory strategy based on international regulatory requ
irements and support international regulatory submissions by provision of needed data and documents; answering Health Authority questions on the submi
ssions; keeping our Affiliates informed about new products /projects/ process changes etc.   The regulatory requirements and strategic aspects are und
erstood, communicated and implemented, kept up to date and are transparent within the organization.   The activities are driven by a mindset of innova
tion, agility and the principles of VACC leadership.       Who your are:     Bachelor’s / Master degree in Life Science, Data Science or related subje
ct or equivalent experience (Completed training as a technician or laboratory technician; or equivalent qualification for the tasks)   Profound experi
ence in Regulatory, Clinicaland/or Quality   Experience in diagnostics or pharmaceutical regulatory affairs is required   Advanced degree and experien
ce in CDx is considered an advantage.   Can manage high complexity work and/or global projects, or equivalent experience.   Proven ability to work aut
onomously     Are you ready to apply? We want someone who thinks beyond the job offered - someone who knows that this position can be a unique opportu
nity to shape the future of Roche.     Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare
. Working together, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and dive
rsity.   Roche Diagnostics International in Rotkreuz is a leading provider of diagnostic systems solutions, and the largest manufacturer of fully auto
mated in vitro diagnostic systems in Switzerland. We are more than 2’700 passionate colleagues from over 65 nationalities. Find out more about our sit
e in Central Switzerland, here.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we offer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity l
eave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees benefit from multiple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical
 services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identif
y and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.          Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Ho
ffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Doctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler to highly automated train operationETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffe
ntlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDoctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler
 to highly automated train operationDoctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler to highly automated train operatio
n 100%, Zurich, fixed-term This project aims at developing a parsimonious and accurate dynamic model of train motion, with values calibrated from real
 life measurement of different sensor types; explicitly considering uncertainty and probability distributions of parameters; and embedding expert know
ledge at multiple levels, both as input of the model specification, and as output of the model estimation. Project background Despite the excellent qu
ality of public transport systems in Switzerland, the railway system needs to increase its performance (quality, for instance, travel time) and capaci
ty (amount of services run) and attract more travellers to match the ambitious targets from policy and environmental goals. One key aspect of traditio
nal railway transport systems is the complexity of aspects governing their motion. Safety and performance consideration limit what one can assume vehi
cles can do. The precise determination of the motion of a vehicle is very relevant to determine an effective timetable, energy efficient speed traject
ories, and to integrate higher automation in the management of both vehicles and networks, also integrating human aspects from the driver and safety p
rocedures (see for instance for a recent review of the subject: A. Cunillera, N. Bešinović, R. M. Lentink, N. van Oort and R. M. P. Goverde, "A Litera
ture Review on Train Motion Model Calibration," in IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 3660-3677, doi: 10.110
9/TITS.2023.3236062). The project focuses on learning a motion model of train operations at the level of vehicles and parameters from detailed data co
llected on real vehicles, based on a collaboration with industrial partners. Job description We expect the following tasks to be performed:  Analyse u
nderstand and categorize data available Determine multiple approaches for calibrations of train motion models based on different model specifications 
and data available. We expect such model to be embracing the uncertainty and variability described in the data by means of uncertainty aware calibrati
on and Bayesian estimation Include how experts currently operate and acquire feelings for the machine they are driving, also based on a hybrid machine
 learning approach, integrating rule-based systems with data-driven models  The ultimate objective is to be both precise /accurate, parsimonious, and 
useful for decision making. Moreover there is a lot of expert knowledge to be considered at multiple levels, both as input of the model specification,
 and as output of the model estimation. The process, data and output should determine standards and specification for both human driver and automated 
train operations, and trajectory planning for any downstream optimization of the schedule, for both passenger trains, and especially for freight train
s (which have very variable composition, weight, length). Your profile Ideally, you have (or are about to receive) a Masters’ degree in transport scie
nces, quantitative finance, data science, econometrics, management/ decision sciences mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics or related fi
elds. Your research track is consistent and shows a track record, or clear potential, for modelling, control, and optimisation of transport systems. Y
ou are highly motivated and self-driven, with a clear research vision, academic ambition, and excellent communication and writing skills (fluent spoke
n and written English is mandatory). Moreover, the following skills are expected of a promising candidate:  Ability to program independently complex s
oftware Background or exposure to data science / machine learning / AI approaches and software tools Knowledge of statistical modelling of processes a
nd/or control sciences Team working and communication skills Knowledge of German or similar languages is not required but is a plus  You enjoy working
 in an interactive international environment with doctoral students, post-docs and senior scientists, referring continuously to practical problems and
 solutions. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to
 an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to rec
eiving your online application by 15.05.2024 including the following documents:  a motivation letter describing how the experience and motivation fit 
the profile sketched in this position a CV with a list of publications diploma copy 1 reference letter or reference contact  The selection will be bas
ed on a multi-step application process. Furthermore, we aim to maintain and expand our diversity and thus, we encourage people from underrepresented g
roups to apply. After a first selection, potential candidates will be contacted for a final selection, which will be based on the candidates’ qualific
ations as well as on a personal interview with the supervisors. This position will be available, with an ideal starting date between July 2024 and Dec
ember 2024, or further upon agreement; the planned duration of the initial contract is 18 months, after which an aptitude colloquium will determine th
e further continuation of the project. The total doctoral project is expected to be finished in 4 years in total. The project is to be performed in cl
ose collaboration with academic partner (Prof A. Rupenyan, ZHAW) and industrial partners (major railway operator in Switzerland). The position is with
in, and profits from networking and competeneces from, the large academic network of the NCCR Automation project. Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further informa
tion about the institute and the group please our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Francesco Corman by email 
E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application by 15.05.2024 including 
the following documents:  a motivation letter describing how the experience and motivation fit the profile sketched in this position a CV with a list 
of publications diploma copy 1 reference letter or reference contact  The selection will be based on a multi-step application process. Furthermore, we
 aim to maintain and expand our diversity and thus, we encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. After a first selection, potential cand
idates will be contacted for a final selection, which will be based on the candidates’ qualifications as well as on a personal interview with the supe
rvisors. This position will be available, with an ideal starting date between July 2024 and December 2024, or further upon agreement; the planned dura
tion of the initial contract is 18 months, after which an aptitude colloquium will determine the further continuation of the project. The total doctor
al project is expected to be finished in 4 years in total. The project is to be performed in close collaboration with academic partner (Prof A. Rupeny
an, ZHAW) and industrial partners (major railway operator in Switzerland). The position is within, and profits from networking and competeneces from, 
the large academic network of the NCCR Automation project. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online applicatio
n portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further information about the institute and the group please our websi
te. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Francesco Corman by email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)
94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Young Graduate in Data and Software Engineering (Lausanne, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:LausanneYoung Graduate in Data and Software Engineering (Lausanne, Switzerland) Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing 
Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical,
 financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with some of the biggest organizations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect t
heir business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have 
grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office locations.  Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital indu
stries and to help accelerate their digital transformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that de
eply matter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.   What You’ll Do   Unit8 is welcoming young graduates f
or the opportunity to grow in Data and Software Engineering! Join us for a 5-6 month first paid professional experience in building industrial Data an
d AI solutions. You can start asap, with direct exposure to clients' needs and opportunities to participate in learning activities such as Reading Gro
ups and Knowledge Sharing Sessions. In addition, each young graduate will be accompanied by a dedicated wingmate/mentor who will guide and help them b
uilding their technical growth vision.  As a young graduate you will join a team of Data Scientists, Data Engineers and Cloud Engineers who work hand-
in-hand with our customers on designing and implementing their industry-specific use cases. You will be directly involved in discussing the client’s c
hallenges and needs and will have chances to develop your client-facing skills. You will be responsible for developing, deploying, and automating our 
AI services and cloud infrastructure. You will also learn to carefully analyse a given problem and apply the relevant tools and techniques to solve it
.   In general you will:   use software best practices in continuous integration and delivery, versioning and automation; use your skills to build and
 maintain service and data infrastructure; participate as junior engineer in all phases of the software development life cycle - planning, implementat
ion, deployment, testing and maintenance;     Are You the team member we are looking for?  In order to be successful in this role, you are/have:  moti
vated and eager to learn different aspects of engineering comfortable to interact with technical and business people strong communication and presenta
tion skills recently graduated/finishing your MSc or BSc in Computer Science or related major; familiar with version control and collaboration tooling
 (git) familiar with CI/CD frameworks and automated deployment concepts (Github actions, Bamboo) fluent in English and German  available a minimum of 
32h a week.   What We Offer   Exposure to a wide variety of projects, industries, and technologies. Each client is different and provides unique oppor
tunities to learn.  Ability to contribute to internal open-source projects like Darts (https://github.com/unit8co/darts)  Learning activities such as 
ML Reading Group, knowledge sharing sessions with engineers. Training-on-the-job and your personal wingmate/mentor 15 paid days of holidays during 6 m
onths Be part of an international team of more than 15 nationalities. up to 10% of paid time for self-development. Flexible working hours, including s
ome home office. Cross offices/company-wide frequent events like offsites. If you are successful, opportunity to be then hired for a permanent positio
n. KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Young Graduate in Data and Software Engineering (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichYoung Graduate in Data and Software Engineering (Zurich, Switzerland) Who We Are  Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss 
AI and data analytics consulting and services company dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, finan
cial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with some of the biggest organizations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their b
usiness - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown 
to 100+ talented individuals across 5 office locations.  Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries
 and to help accelerate their digital transformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply m
atter to us - that includes collaboration on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.   What You’ll Do   Unit8 is welcoming young graduates for the
 opportunity to grow in Data and Software Engineering! Join us for a 5-6 month first paid professional experience in building industrial Data and AI s
olutions. You can start asap, with direct exposure to clients' needs and opportunities to participate in learning activities such as Reading Groups an
d Knowledge Sharing Sessions. In addition, each young graduate will be accompanied by a dedicated wingmate/mentor who will guide and help them buildin
g their technical growth vision.  As a young graduate you will join a team of Data Scientists, Data Engineers and Cloud Engineers who work hand-in-han
d with our customers on designing and implementing their industry-specific use cases. You will be directly involved in discussing the client’s challen
ges and needs and will have chances to develop your client-facing skills. You will be responsible for developing, deploying, and automating our AI ser
vices and cloud infrastructure. You will also learn to carefully analyse a given problem and apply the relevant tools and techniques to solve it.   In
 general you will:   use software best practices in continuous integration and delivery, versioning and automation; use your skills to build and maint
ain service and data infrastructure; participate as junior engineer in all phases of the software development life cycle - planning, implementation, d
eployment, testing and maintenance;     Are You the team member we are looking for?  In order to be successful in this role, you are/have:  motivated 
and eager to learn different aspects of engineering comfortable to interact with technical and business people strong communication and presentation s
kills recently graduated/finishing your MSc or BSc in Computer Science or related major; familiar with version control and collaboration tooling (git)
 familiar with CI/CD frameworks and automated deployment concepts (Github actions, Bamboo) fluent in English and German  available a minimum of 32h a 
week.   What We Offer   Exposure to a wide variety of projects, industries, and technologies. Each client is different and provides unique opportuniti
es to learn.  Ability to contribute to internal open-source projects like Darts (https://github.com/unit8co/darts)  Learning activities such as ML Rea
ding Group, knowledge sharing sessions with engineers. Training-on-the-job and your personal wingmate/mentor 15 paid days of holidays during 6 months 
Be part of an international team of more than 15 nationalities. up to 10% of paid time for self-development. Flexible working hours, including some ho
me office. Cross offices/company-wide frequent events like offsites. If you are successful, opportunity to be then hired for a permanent position. Kon
taktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant:in für Digitale Geschäftsmodelle 80-100%Siemens Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 März 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:ZugPraktikant:in für Digitale Geschäftsmodelle 80-100%    Gemeinsam mit unseren Kund:innen verbinden wir die reale und die digitale Welt.
   Als eines der führenden Technologieunternehmen beschäftigt Siemens in der Schweiz rund 6000 Mitarbeitende. Mit unseren wegweisenden Lösungen in den
 Bereichen Gebäudetechnik, Energie, Mobilität, Gesundheit und Industrie gestalten wir die Zukunft.  Als Praktikant:in bist du ein wichtiger Teil unser
es #TeamSiemens. Willst auch du aktiv am Puls der Zeit mitwirken und das Leben von Millionen von Menschen in der Schweiz besser machen? Dann bist du b
ei uns genau richtig! Bewirb dich noch heute als «Praktikant:in für digitale Geschäftsmodelle».   Deine neuen Aufgaben Aktive Mitgestaltung von «Indus
trie 4.0»: Erarbeitung von Konzepten für die Digitalisierung von Innovationsprozessen und deren Implementierung Selbstständiges Durchführen von Teilpr
ojekten im Umfeld von SAFe / agiler Entwicklung, an der Schnittstelle zwischen IT und Business Aktive Unterstützung bei der Planung und Organisation v
on internationalen Workshops Übernahme von (Teil-)Aufgaben im Changemanagement, Requirements Engineering, KPI-Monitoring, in der Daten-/Prozessstandar
disierung und Unterstützung bei der Implementierung in den Regionen Europa, Amerika und Asien Anwendung von Methoden im Umfeld von Produktmanagement (
z. B. Design Thinking) Erarbeitung regelmässiger Kommunikationsinhalte und Verwalten der internen Kommunikationskanäle Erarbeiten von Funktionsinhalte
n für das Projektteam (z. B. PoCs, Dokumentation und Trainings) Unterstützung des Projektteams bei administrativen und strategischen Aufgaben Flexible
s Arbeiten und Remote Working möglich (2–3 Tage Präsenz in Zug)   Deine Talente und Erfahrungen Immatrikuliert an einer Universität oder Fachhochschul
e im Bereich Wirtschaft, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Information Science, Data Science, Digital Business Management oder als Wirtschaftsingenieur:in. Sie b
efinden sich mind. im 4. Semester oder in einer Pause zwischen Bachelor und Master. Sie verfügen über Grundkenntnisse in den Bereichen Projekt-, Chang
emanagement und agile Arbeitsmethoden. Ein «Digital First»-Mindset gehört zu Ihren Überzeugungen. Affinität für neue (IT-)Technologien. Grundwissen üb
er IT-Infrastruktur ist von Vorteil. Sehr gute MS-Office-Kenntnisse Analysefähigkeit und eine strukturierte, selbstständige Arbeitsweise Interkulturel
le Kommunikation und eine Bereitschaft für Reisen, max. 20 % Verhandlungssicher in Deutsch und Englisch in Wort und Schrift Start ab Anfang August 202
4 bis Ende August 2025 Deine Vorteile Mobiles Arbeiten in der gesamten Schweiz Aufbau eines internationalen Karrierenetzwerks Erfahrungen sammeln bei 
einem der grössten Tech-Arbeitgeber der Schweiz Mitgliedschaft bei der 200-köpfigen Siemens Student Association So ist es, bei uns zu arbeiten Wir leg
en viel Wert auf eine offene und flexible Arbeitskultur, bei der jede:r sich selbst sein kann. Chancengerechtigkeit und Vielfalt sind uns wichtig und 
tragen zu einer bereichernden Unternehmenskultur bei. Mobiles Arbeiten ist ein gelebtes Prinzip, das unseren Mitarbeitenden eine ausgewogene Work-Life
-Balance und mehr Autonomie bietet. Erfahre mehr      Häufig gestellte Fragen und deine Ansprechperson  Hier findest du eine Sammlung häufig gestellte
r Fragen sowie die Möglichkeit, uns direkt zu kontaktieren.    Ich freue mich auf deine Bewerbung.  DianaTalent Acquisition   Information für Personal
vermittlungen: Siemens Schweiz nimmt für diese Position keine Bewerbungen von Personalvermittlungen entgegen. Vielen Dank für das Verständnis. Kontakt
Siemens Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Responsable du codageGroupement Hospitalier de l'Ouest Lémanique S.A. (GHOL)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:NyonResponsable du codageResponsable du codage Date d'entrée : Dès que possible ou à convenir Le GHOL est l’hôpital de référence pou
r l’Ouest lémanique avec ses structures sur Nyon et Rolle. Demain, nous vous proposons de poursuivre votre épanouissement professionnel en vous impliq
uant dans vos nouvelles missions et en participant au développement du GHOL, au sein de son nouveau bâtiment d’hospitalisation sur le site de Nyon. De
scription du poste: Dans vos nouvelles fonctions, vos missions ont un impact sur la qualité de prise en charge des patients. Votre rôle consistera not
amment à,  Encadrer et accompagner les collaborateurs du service de codage et participer à leur développement Développer et améliorer les pratiques en
 tissant des liens étroits de collaboration avec les services de soins Soutenir les collaborateurs du service dans la gestion des situations complexes
 Participer activement au codage des spécialités médicales du GHOL Traiter les refus de prise en charge des assurances et répondre aux demandes de jus
tifications complémentaires Assurer et coordonner le codage de l’ensemble des dossiers médicaux avec la documentation adéquate Contribuer à l’améliora
tion continue des pratiques et veiller à l’application des règlementations en vigueur Mettre en place et maintenir un lien de collaboration de qualité
 avec les acteurs du réseau de soins Participer aux audits de qualités en lien avec votre secteur d’activité Participer à divers projets et mandats su
r demande de votre hiérarchie  Profil requis: Nous sommes convaincus de votre réussite rapide dans vos futures fonctions grâce à votre/vos :  Expérien
ce dans le domaine des hôpitaux Maîtrise des structures tarifaires SwissDRG et ST-Reha Expérience confirmée dans une fonction de codificateur.trice mé
dical.e Compétences managériales avec expérience de gestion d’équipe Capacité d’analyse et force de proposition Flexibilité et bonne gestion du stress
e Bonne maîtrise des outils informatiques (Opale un atout) Intérêt pour l’innovation et les nouveautés se rattachant à votre secteur  Niveau de format
ion: Diplôme d’études supérieures ou titre jugé équivalent dans le domaine médical, soignant ou médico-technique Brevet Fédéral de spécialiste en coda
ge médical ou certification de formation en codage médical Formation en leadership et management de proximité Avantages: Un cadre de travail agréable 
avec des horaires flexibles et la possibilité de travail à domicile ; Une équipe à taille humaine favorisant les échanges et la progression ; Collabor
er avec des managers innovants, actifs dans leur environnement et créatifs pour répondre aux défis actuels et futurs ; L’opportunité de mener des proj
ets de développer dans un secteur stratégique ; Participer au développement d’outils d’intelligence artificielle, dans le cadre de la mise en œuvre de
 la data science au sein de l’établissement ; Le fonctionnement dynamique d’une entreprise privée dont la reconnaissance d’intérêt public garantit les
 avantages de la CCT applicable dans le secteur parapublic de la santé ; Des conditions de rémunérations revues et avantageuses pouvant tenir compte d
e la performance et des plus-values réalisées.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoc position in experiment-guided computational neuroscienceETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoc position in experiment-guided computational neurosciencePostdoc position in experiment-guided computational neuroscience 1
00%, Zurich, fixed-term The Laboratory of Biosensors and Bioelectronics (LBB) is looking for a postdoc who would lead our computational efforts toward
s understanding fundamental neuroscience concepts. Project background Creating realistic computational models of biological neural networks is among t
he most difficult challenges of neuroscience. However, such models could be extremely useful both in uderstanding how the brain processes and stores i
nformation, and also for reducing the vast parameter space of experimental efforts. At LBB, we have the technology to build well-defined, in vitro net
works of living neurons, and interact with them using microelectrode arrays. This provides us with a large amount of highly reproducible data that can
 be used to validate computational models. Job description Your task at LBB will be  to build realistic in silico models that faithfully represent in 
vitro networks of biological neurons to validate these networks using microelectrode array data to use the optimized models for suggesting new experim
ents to identify digital biomarkers that can be used to classify disease models  Your profile  You are a team-player You have a bachelor in physics, m
athematics, engineering, or computer science You have a PhD in computational neuroscience, physics, data science, or mathematics You have the required
 social and leadership competencies that allow you to prosper at ETH Zurich  Your workplace Your workplace We offer LBB is an interdisciplinary and in
ternational team that offers:  A challenging research project at the forefront of a new discipline that is bottom-up neuroscience Healthy work-life ba
lance A social work atmosphere where life-long friendships are formed Personalized coaching towards an academic career Possibility of supervising stud
ent projects Participation at many scientific conferences State-of-the-art experimental and computational infrastructure  We value diversity Curious? 
So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Your motivation letter Your CV and list of publications
 The mobile phone numbers of your references  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. App
lications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about LBB can be found on our website. Questions regarding the posi
tion should be directed to Prof. Janos Vörös, email [E-Mail schreiben] (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to rece
iving your online application with the following documents:  Your motivation letter Your CV and list of publications The mobile phone numbers of your 
references  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal serv
ices will not be considered. Further information about LBB can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. J
anos Vörös, email [E-Mail schreiben] (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Team Manager Data InsightsLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselTeam Manager Data Insig
hts Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three continents. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we d
o it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let ou
r people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of. As the Team Ma
nager of Data Insights, you will lead a talented team of data engineers, BI analysts, and subject matter experts (SMEs). Your primary responsibility w
ill be to oversee the delivery of data and analytics projects across organization wide, with a strong focus on pharmaceutical manufacturing domain dat
a. Additionally, you will develop and maintain a global strategy for Data Historian (PI) implementation, serving as the Program Manager for its rollou
t.   Key Responsibilities:    Lead and manage a team of business data/BI analysts, data SMEs, data services transition managers, and data engineers, p
roviding guidance, mentoring, and support to foster their professional growth. Facilitate requirements engineering processes, ensuring a comprehensive
 understanding of stakeholder needs and translating them into actionable insights and data solutions to implement data projects. Act as a trusted data
 partner, advising stakeholders on data-driven decision-making and best practices in utilizing pharmaceutical manufacturing data for business improvem
ent. Develop and maintain a global strategy for Data Historian (PI) implementation, including Data Model based on ISA95 with Asset and Event Framework
, and corresponding Master Data management specific to pharmaceutical manufacturing processes. Provide technical expertise and support for the mainten
ance and implementation of GxP solutions, with a focus on pharmaceutical manufacturing data compliance and best practices. Provide technical guidance 
and support to the team, ensuring the effective implementation of data pipelines, data modeling, ETL processes, and analytics frameworks. Establish ef
fective communication channels to provide regular updates on project status, key insights, and recommendations to stakeholders and senior management. 
Occasional domestic and international travel (up to 20%). Perform other duties as assigned, contributing to the overall success of the data insights t
eam and organizational objectives.    Key Requirements:    Minimum Bachelor’s degree in data science, computer science, information management or othe
r relevant field Proven experience in a leadership role overseeing data teams and delivering data projects, preferably within the pharmaceutical manuf
acturing domain. Preferred experience in the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector or closely related industries, with a strong understanding of MES, LI
MS, QMS, and time series data solutions' data models and structures. Extensive knowledge of Data Historian implementation, particularly with PI system
s, ISA95 Data Model, Asset and Event Frameworks, and Master Data management. Strong understanding of GxP compliance requirements and best practices in
 pharmaceutical manufacturing data management. Proficiency in data analysis tools and techniques, business intelligence platforms, and data visualizat
ion tools (Process Analytical Technology tools). Excellent communication, collaboration, and stakeholder management skills. Project management experie
nce, including the ability to effectively plan, execute, and monitor projects to successful completion Fluency in English required, fluency in German 
preferred  Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but also
 a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect our
 people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically. People come to Lonza for the challenge and creativ
ity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all ar
ound the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference. Reference: R60166 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Innovation Intern, LicensingLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselInnovation Intern, 
Licensing  Innovation Intern, Licensing   Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three continents. While we work in science
, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses 
to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And that’s the kind of work
 we want to be part of. In our Licensing Business Unit, we are committed to fostering innovative solutions and delivering exceptional service to our c
lients worldwide. We are committed to innovation and excellence in the healthcare sector, driving forward new ventures and partnerships.  We are seeki
ng a highly motivated Innovation Intern to join our team in Basel, Switzerland to support the management of Lonza’s internal and external innovation a
ctivities. The Innovation Intern will play a pivotal role in establishing processes, managing critical documentation, and supporting project initiativ
es. This internship is ideal for an individual with a keen interest in the interface between business and technology. The successful candidate will ga
in invaluable hands-on experience by working closely with our Innovation and Venture Fund functions in the Licensing Business Unit, contributing to de
al flow management, diligence efforts, and business case support for engagement with new technologies.  Key responsibilities:   Assist in managing ext
ernal deal opportunities and support diligence efforts in a detailed, logical, and progressive manner during deal evaluation. Collaborate with the Inn
ovation teams to gather and analyze data for business cases and initiatives. Prepare and refine presentation decks and documents for internal and exte
rnal meetings. Conduct research on industry trends, competitive landscapes, and potential partners. Support administrative tasks related to innovation
 and venture initiatives, including planning and monitoring of project timelines and deliverables. Participate in continuous improvement initiatives, 
suggesting ways to optimize processes and customer experiences. Perform other duties as assigned   Key requirements:   Currently pursuing or have rece
ntly completed a degree in Business Administration, Data Science, Project Management, or a related field. Demonstrated skills in data analysis and doc
ument management. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Proactive mindset wit
h the ability to anticipate project needs and take initiative   Soft Skills:   Proactiveness: Ability to anticipate issues and act on them before they
 become problems. Attention to Detail: Ensures accuracy and completeness in all tasks and communications. Collaborative mindset: Ability to work in a 
collaborative matrix environment.  Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a g
reat privilege, but also a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we
 respect and protect our people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically. People come to Lonza for t
he challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes wit
h improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference. Reference: R60297 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


PostDoc in Health AIUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostDoc in Health 
AIThe University of Zurich together with the University Hospital of Zurich are embarking on a concerted effort to develop informatics programs to adva
nce biomedical research and healthcare using cutting edge computational approaches. As part of these efforts, the Chair of Medical Informatics (krauth
ammerlab) investigates topics in clinical data science and translational bioinformatics, such as knowledge discovery from Big Data sources (Electronic
 Medical Records, health registries) as well as the analysis of human Omics data.  PostDoc in Health AI    Your responsibilities We are currently look
ing for a motivated PostDoc in Health AI who will work at the intersection of computation, biology and medicine. Particularly, the candidate will supp
ort our ongoing work in applying AI to the space of genetic engineering, including the prediction of base editor outcomes, the optimization of base ed
itors and the optimal use of base editors in complex genetic diseases (see recent publications [1,2,3,4]). This work is part of the University Researc
h Priority Program (URPP) "Human Reproduction Reloaded"  The PostDoc will be involved in other ongoing lab activities (particularly the supervision of
 junior lab members and some teaching activities) and will be an integral part of the URPP research community. We offer an interdisciplinary research 
environment, the possibility to direct your own research, access to state-of-the-art computational resources' infrastructure (further details are list
ed below) and a formidable place to grow academically.   Your profile   PhD degree in computer science (focused on machine learning), optimization, st
atistics, applied math, computational biology or closely related discipline. Strong publication record with at least one paper in top-tier conferences
/journals (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, AISTATS, AAAI, ICLR, KDD, IJCAI, ML4H, Nature Communications, Nature Biotechnology, etc.) Proficient in P
ython and the scientific computing stack (SciPy, Numpy, Scikit- learn, pandas) Proficient in one of the deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow)
 Prior health- and biology- related computational work is a plus.     What we offer   Access to state-of-the-art infrastructure (computational resourc
es), clinical datasets and medical expertise domain-knowledge (excellent medical doctors and research scientists) Ability to make a real and tangible 
impact in healthcare research Solve real-world problems and improve hospital-related processes and workflow Stimulating research environment and a pla
ce to grow academically and professionally Outstanding working conditions at the University of Zurich  References: 1- Mathis, N., Allam, A., Kissling,
 L. et al. Predicting prime editing efficiency and product purity by deep learning. Nat Biotechnol 41, 1151–1159 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1038/s4158
7-022-01613-7  2- Nicolas Mathis, Ahmed Allam, András Tálas, Elena Benvenuto, Ruben Schep, Tanav Damodharan, Zsolt Balázs, Sharan Janjuha, Lukas Schmi
dheini, Desirée Böck, Bas van Steensel, Michael Krauthammer, Gerald Schwank. Predicting prime editing efficiency across diverse edit types and chromat
in contexts with machine learning. bioRxiv 2023.10.09.561414; doi: https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.10.09.561414   3- Mollaysa, A., Allam, A., & Krauthamm
er, M. (2023). Attention-based Multi-task Learning for Base Editor Outcome Prediction. ML4H Findings Track Collection, https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.0763
6   4- Marquart, K.F., Allam, A., Janjuha, S. et al. Predicting base editing outcomes with an attention-based deep learning algorithm trained on high-
throughput target library screens. Nat Commun 12, 5114 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-021-25375-z     Further information  E-Mail schreiben Ko
ntaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Project Coordinator, IMCI-PLUS consortium 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:BernSenior Project Coordinator, IMCI-PLUS consortium 100 %Department of Clinical Research (DCR)as of 01.06.2024 or by agreementThe Department 
of Clinical Research (DCR) is an academic center and umbrella organization supporting clinical researchers at the University of Bern and University Ho
spitals consisting of strong Research Unit, the Clinical Trial Unit (CTU), the Clinical Investigation Unit (CIU), and two new subunits in 2024, a Medi
cal Data Science Unit and a Gender Medicine Unit. DCR will develop a global health unit over the next years based on an existing pediatric global heal
th research portfolio, in which this project is embedded. DCR is a diverse department that provides central organization for expertise, innovation, le
adership, contemporary pedagogy, and centralized facilities for supporting clinical researchers. DCR offers clinical researchers full support from stu
dy design to study implementation. DCR works across multiple collaborations with the Medical Faculty and the University Hospitals.  Senior Project Coo
rdinator, IMCI-PLUS consortium    Duties and responsibilities   Develop and implement a comprehensive project plan with other IMCI-PLUS consortium par
tners in Europe and Africa that includes all project phases, from initiation to closure, ensuring alignment with the study protocol and objectives and
 reporting requirements Monitor project progress and performance, implementing necessary adjustments to meet project objectives and timelines Manage p
roject risks, including the development of contingency plans Serve as the primary liaison between the project sponsor (DCR) and consortium partners, r
egulatory authorities, and other relevant stakeholders. Ensure planning and implementation/delegation of all Sponsor-related tasks in adherence to eth
ical standards, and good clinical practice (GCP) guidelines throughout the study. Oversee the research assistants and other trial staff involved in th
e project, with coordination of all staff at all locations of the study Oversee the budget and financial activities representing DCR as the Sponsor Pr
epare and present comprehensive and complex project reports     Requirements   Native (or equivalent level) of English, knowledge of French would be a
n advantage A University degree in Public Health, Epidemiology, Allied Health, Medicine or a related field At least 10 years of experience in research
 project management, preferably in the context of clinical trials in Africa Ability and willingness to travel to African trial sites (South Africa, Ta
nzania, Senegal), including at short notice. Strong understanding of the principles and practices of clinical research, including RCT design, implemen
tation, and analysis. Familiarity with ethical guidelines, regulatory requirements, and GCP standards relevant to clinical trials in Africa. Experienc
e in effectively involving and communicating with key stakeholders and in producing relevant communication materials. Excellent leadership, team manag
ement, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively across diverse cultural contexts.     We offer   a challenging, versatile job in
 an exciting field of work in an international, dynamic environment with a motivated team further training opportunities and programs at the universit
y and a wide range of sports at Uni Sport salary and social benefits according to cantonal guidelines     Application and contact PD Dr. med. et phil.
 Kristina Keitel, will be happy to answer questions (E-Mail schreiben; + 41 31 632 54 68).KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBew
erbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data & AI Business Development Manager (Romandie)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:L
ausanneData & AI Business Development Manager (Romandie)Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services c
ompany dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We wor
k with some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufactur
ing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 110+ talented individuals across 5 office lo
cations.   Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transfor
mation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on p
ro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.     Are You a team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Business Development Manage
rto join our Growth organisation in Lausanne. The purpose of the role is to actively execute Unit8’s go-to-market and drive new business acquisition. 
You will help our customers obtain value from the latest data & AI technologies by driving an entire lifecycle of customer engagement - from the initi
al prospecting, via leading business development activities (needs understanding, pre-sales, presentations, proposal build up) and negotiations & cont
racting. You will partner with our delivery organisation to onboard new customers and your will play a key role to ensure the customer success.    Wha
t You’ll Do As a Data & AI Business Development Manager within the Growth team you’ll be faced with the following challenges within a high-growth, fas
t moving company:    Actively execute on Unit8’s GTM to the Swiss customers to win new customers and projects (quota carrying)  Consult our existing a
nd new clients on their challenges and needs related to Data & AI End to end responsibility for customer acquisition from lead generation to deal sign
ature (you will be assigned yearly sales quota)  Contribute to broader business development by preparing and participating in industry conferences, co
mmunities, workshops and events Help our customers leverage Data & AI (including GenAI) technology advancements by identifying the customers needs and
 translating them into value add solutions     You are:   Strong track record of business development in IT consulting /services with at least 5-8 yea
rs of working experience in the domain Proven business development experience in enterprise consultative selling (3-5 years) Strong business developme
nt and consulting skills with experience in advising clients on data-based topics such as data, analytics, machine learning and cloud   Self driven, c
an do attitude, fast learner, ready to face challenges as they arise Highly organised and independent  The ideal candidate is fluent in English (manda
tory) and French (mandatory). German is nice to have Great communicator, dynamic and motivated to represent Unit8 externally  Ability and willingness 
to travel up to 25% of the time (mostly Switzerland and DACH region)  What we offer?  An opportunity to join the fastest growing Swiss Company (accord
ing to Financial Times) A young, high growth services company which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environ
ment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance to co-build Unit8 Sales compensation dependent on the sales performance Work on cutting-edge dat
a, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries Help shape company GTM regarding Data Platforms  A culture that
 is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding when and f
rom where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support with both t
ime and budget) KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Medizinbereich Kinder und JugendlicheAbteilung Neuropä
diatrie, Entwicklung & Rehabilitation Ihre Herausforderung  Die sensorisch-afferente Elektrostimulation ist eine neuere Therapieform, die in der Rehab
ilitationsmedizin eingesetzt wird. Bei Erwachsenen mit einer Hemiparese ist die Therapiemethode vielversprechend. Bei Kindern mit einer Hemiparese gib
t es bisher nur wenige wissenschaftliche Arbeiten, welche die Wirksamkeit der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation untersucht haben, diese zeigen 
jedoch vielversprechende Ergebnisse. Um die Wirksamkeit und einen möglichen Therapieerfolg besser verstehen bzw. vorhersagen zu können, werden wir im 
Rahmen der SENSE UP Studie die Wirksamkeit einer sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulationsbehandlung auf die bimanuelle Handfunktion bei Kindern und J
ugendlichen mit einer Hemiparese untersuchen. Zur Messung der Wirksamkeit der Therapie werden neuartige Verfahren wie die kinematische Evaluation zur 
Herleitung von Digitalen Biomarker eingesetzt, welche am Neurotec Center (https://www.neuro-tec.ch/ www.sitem-insel.ch) und am ARTORG Center for Biome
dical Engineering entwickelt und evaluiert werden. Die Wirkmechanismen der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation werden mit Hilfe von neurophysiolo
gischen Verfahren wie der funktionellen Magnetresonanztomographie (fMRI) und der transkraniellen Magnetstimulation (TMS) näher erforscht. Als PhD Stud
ent:in werden Sie federführend in die Programmierung und Evaluation der kinematischen Untersuchung eingebunden, welche mit neuartigen sensorischen Mes
sverfahren mit der DeepLabCut Software erfasst wird. Im Weiteren werden Sie aktiv bei der Durchführung und Evaluation der neurophysiologischen Untersu
chungen (fMRI und TMS) eingebunden sein. Sie werden bei der Auswertung der Daten federführend mitwirken (Auswerten der Untersuchungen, statistische An
alysen, Verfassen von Publikationen). Die SENSE UP Studie wird als Kooperationsprojekt der Universitätskliniken für Kinderheilkunde, des Instituts für
 Neurochirugie des Inselspitales Bern, dem Institut für Diagnostische und Interventionellen Neuroradiologie des Inselspitales Bern sowie des NeuroTec 
Teams und des ARTORG Centers durchgeführt.  PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung    Ihr Profil Wir suchen engagierte Studen
t:innen mit Interesse an Digitalen Biomarkern, AI und Machine Learning, sowie klinischen Neurowissenschaften. Sie verfügen über einen universitären Ab
schluss in Data Science, Biomedical Engineering, Informatik, Gesundheitswissenschaften oder ähnliches und haben ein aussergewöhnliches Interesse an ei
ner Weiterentwicklung Ihrer Kenntnisse im Bereich der motorischen Neurorehabilitation und der kinematischen und neurophysiologischen Untersuchungsmeth
oden. Sie haben ein technisches Flair und idealerweise Vorkenntnisse im Bereich MR-Analysen, Programmieren und Statistik sowie Freude am selbstständig
en Arbeiten, am Umgang mit Kinder und Jugendlichen und ihren Eltern und am Studienmanagement. Sie können gut organisieren und planen, sind geschickt i
n der Kommunikation, kooperativ und verfügen über eine hohe Lernbereitschaft. Sie haben sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch sowie ideal
erweise Französisch.   Das erwartet Sie Wir bieten ein stimulierendes Arbeitsumfeld mit regem interdisziplinären Austausch unter FachexpertInnen aus d
en Bereichen Neuropsychologie, Neuropädiatrie, Bewegungswissenschaft, Neuroradiologie und AI sowie Machine Learning. Im Medizinbereich Kinder- und Jug
endliche haben Sie die Möglichkeit an den internen Seminaren, Weiterbildungen und Journal Clubs teil zu nehmen. Als PhD Student:in werden Sie der Grad
uate School of Health integriert werden. Die Entlohnung erfolgt nach den Richtlinien für Doktoratslöhne des Schweizerischen Nationalfonds.   Bewerbung
 und Kontakt Weitere Auskünfte erteilt Ihnen gerne Prof. Dr. Tobias Nef, E-Mail schreiben, +41 31 684 14 23.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://w
ww.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data & AI Business Development Manager (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:ZürichData & AI Business Development Manager (Zurich, Switzerland)Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consu
lting and services company dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturin
g and pharma. We work with some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations,
 finance, manufacturing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 110+ talented individual
s across 5 office locations.   Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate th
eir digital transformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that include
s collaboration on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.     Are You a team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Busines
s Development Managerto join our Growth organisation in Zurich. The purpose of the role is to actively execute Unit8’s go-to-market and drive new busi
ness acquisition. You will help our customers obtain value from the latest data & AI technologies by driving an entire lifecycle of customer engagemen
t - from the initial prospecting, via leading business development activities (needs understanding, pre-sales, presentations, proposal build up) and n
egotiations & contracting. You will partner with our delivery organisation to onboard new customers and your will play a key role to ensure the custom
er success.    What You’ll Do As a Data & AI Business Development Manager within the Growth team you’ll be faced with the following challenges within 
a high-growth, fast moving company:    Actively execute on Unit8’s GTM to the Swiss customers to win new customers and projects (quota carrying)  Cons
ult our existing and new clients on their challenges and needs related to Data & AI End to end responsibility for customer acquisition from lead gener
ation to deal signature (you will be assigned yearly sales quota)  Contribute to broader business development by preparing and participating in indust
ry conferences, communities, workshops and events Help our customers leverage Data & AI (including GenAI) technology advancements by identifying the c
ustomers needs and translating them into value add solutions     You are:   Strong track record of business development in IT consulting /services wit
h at least 5-8 years of working experience in the domain Proven business development experience in enterprise consultative selling (3-5 years) Strong 
business development and consulting skills with experience in advising clients on data-based topics such as data, analytics, machine learning and clou
d   Self driven, can do attitude, fast learner, ready to face challenges as they arise Highly organised and independent  The ideal candidate is fluent
 in English (mandatory) and German (mandatory). French is nice to have Great communicator, dynamic and motivated to represent Unit8 externally  Abilit
y and willingness to travel up to 25% of the time (mostly Switzerland and DACH region)  What we offer?  An opportunity to join the fastest growing Swi
ss Company (according to Financial Times) A young, high growth services company which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entre
preneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance to co-build Unit8 Sales compensation dependent on the sales performance Work o
n cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries Help shape company GTM regarding Data Platfor
ms  A culture that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility re
garding when and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 s
upport with both time and budget) KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Virtualization EngineerLenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSeni
or Virtualization EngineerWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion reve
nue global technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers e
very day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC com
pany by further expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) includ
ing server, storage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a mor
e inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our S
toryHub. Description and Requirements Job posting detail: Lenovo Professional Services Latin America is looking for a Senior Virtualization Engineer t
o perform customer facing work on VMWare and Azure Technologies. Job Description You would join a growing professional services delivery organization 
and make an immediate end to end impact with your stakeholders. This would include interacting with our sales team and solution architects to support 
sizing, scoping, and presenting services opportunities to potential clients. You would lead onsite and remote client engagements to implement, upgrade
, and migrate to Lenovo Server and Storage solutions for clients, particularly Virtualization product lines. You can also apply your experience and le
ssons learn to shape delivery process improvements and interaction with support, sales, and product engineering. Required qualifications.  Bachelor’s 
Degree in computer science, information technology or related field, or 10 or more years of equivalent experience. Ability to analyze customer needs, 
document requirements, and design technical solutions. Excellent communication, demonstration, troubleshooting, and documentation skills. Possess prof
essional certifications in virtualization and Azure Technologies. 7+ years hands-on / client facing experience with VMWare Solutions such as VCF, NSX,
 Horizon, SDDC, vROPs, etc… Integrate and develop architecture solutions for complex systems on cloud services with on-premises technologies for VMWar
e and Microsoft Azure.  Desirable qualifications  Experience with data migrations and data migration tools Scripting and/or coding skills like Java, P
ython, R, Bash, PowerShell. Strong practical Linux and Windows-based system administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environments. Data Science
 knowledge and proficiency in languages such as Python or R it’s a plus. Understand statistical concepts, Data wrangling, Database management on Azure
 Cloud Computing. Basic Project management skills to lead infrastructure projects and ensure successful implementation. Any other relevant certificati
ons (e.g., TOGAF, CISSP, CCNA, etc.) are highly desirable.  Job Responsibilities  Approximately two-thirds of your time working with clients remotely 
or onsite time on billable client engagements and communicating status to stakeholders. Travel within Mexico and Latin America is required for approx.
 50% time (about 2 weeks per month) Approximately one-third time receiving or contributing to: Education and certifications Pre-sales assistance and t
ech-sales workshops Team mentorship Lab work, practice, and demonstration of new technologies Documentation for improving services delivery. Offering 
development BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)Camelot Management Consultants AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselConsultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)                 #WeAreCamelot       Consultant Data Management &
 Innovations (all genders)    Camelot Management Consultants is the multiple award-winning European market leader in Data Management Consulting andAna
lytics pioneer. As Trusted Advisor to our clients and Tier One boutique consultancy for Data & Analytics, we stand for leading-edge expertise, innovat
ive concepts and solutions as well as for superior project quality and results.        Make a difference.       You will be part of Camelot's Innovati
ve Data Solutions team, which is one of the most important innovation drivers of our Data & Analytics Consulting Line and the European Data Management
 Community In particular, you will focus on the interface between data management and digital trends, e.g. artificial intelligence (AI) and robotic pr
ocess automation (RPA) Together with your team, you will drive the development and expansion of a global AI community in data management Your role wil
l involve complex and highly demanding data & analytics projects (strategy consulting, governance, change management, data & process modeling, etc.) w
ith the largest and most exciting global players in various industries, as well as research & development in the field of data & analytics         Bri
ng your experience.       You are characterized by a passion for exploring and learning, as well as a desire to be an enabler of a major digital trans
formation with innovative technologies and solutions You are an expert for digital trends in the combination of data management, data science and mana
gement andbusiness consulting or want to become one You already know how to work with data from your university studies or work experience Ideally, yo
u already have experience with SAP You are a team player and are not afraid of client contact up to top management level You have excellent communicat
ion and presentation skills in  both German and English (must have)        📍 MANNHEIM - COLOGNE - HAMBURG - MUNICH - BASEL - HYBRID    Ready to join? 
Heidrun Lehnertis your contact at Camelot.           Your benefits - what we offer.         We continuously support you in your successful career grow
th through cross-functional onboarding, mentoring, regular feedback, and target-oriented development through a versatile, high-profile, and personaliz
ed training catalog.    Become an innovation leader leveraging the company-wide innovation spirit and implement your visions with blueprints and proto
types.    Work flexibly from the customer site, our office locations, or your home – in short: benefit from our FlexWork concept. Recharge your batter
ies by taking a sabbatical.    Take care of yourself, others, and our planet by participating in our CSR & Diversity Community and Wellbeing & Resilie
nce Center initiatives.    Benefit from various, sustainable corporate discounts, sports options, and different mobility concepts, such as a company b
icycle. Receive an attractive bonus for each employee you recruit as part of our employee referral program. Make provisions for your future with our c
apital formation program and take out a company pension plan supported by us.    Experience the Camelot Spirit through regular company, social, or spo
rts events. Network, get into professional discussions, and stay informed through our internal communication platforms and formats, e.g., Lunch Roulet
tes, Knowledge Nuggets, and Townhall Meetings.          Camelot – Strategies. Innovation. Solutions.      We are a global management and technology co
nsulting firm focusing on value chain management. Our mission: turning our clients’ value chains into a competitive advantage and creating lasting imp
act where our clients need it most. By combining our industry focus, value chain process expertise, and technology know-how, we guide our clients from
 strategy to sustainable technology adoption.    Camelot is committed to diversity. DEIB is firmly anchored in our corporate values, CSR activities an
d entrepreneurial actions. As proud signatories of the Diversity Charter, our doors are open to all talent - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic
ity, religion, physical ability, age, sexual orientation and identity. At Camelot, you are welcome to be who you are.      Be different. Be you. Be Ca
melot.   #LI-HL1 BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche(r) Mitarbeiter(innen) (PhD-Stelle)inspire AG für mechatronische Produktionssysteme und FertigungstechnikBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentl
icht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichWissenschaftliche(r) Mitarbeiter(innen) (PhD-Stelle) inspire AG is the leading Swi
ss competence center for product innovation and advanced manufacturing.As a strategic partner of ETH Zurich, our mission is to transfer knowledge and 
technology from research to Swiss machine, electrical and metal industries.Physics-based and data-driven modeling of laser welding distortionsPosition
: Project Engineer 80-100% / PhD Research Assistant 100% (m/f/d)This position is ideal for highly-qualified and motivated young scientists seeking to 
engage in an ambitious interdisciplinary research project with direct industrial applications. The project goals lie at the interface of process engin
eering, machine learning, and numerical simulation developments.Project Background:Automotive manufacturers face a critical challenge in their Body-in
-White (BiW) assembly processes: designing optimal joining operations to prevent defects and meet strict tolerances. Currently, this process relies on
 time-consuming trial and error with physical prototypes. The limited adoption of simulation technologies in this domain is primarily due to the compl
exity of joining processes, necessitating engineering and numerical skills. Accurate welding simulations are also time-intensive, making them impracti
cal compared to experimental trials. In collaboration with our industry partner, a global leader in sheet metal forming simulations, our mission is to
 address this challenge. We are committed to developing an accessible, user-friendly software suite that delivers rapid and precise simulations of las
er welding distortions throughout the BiW process chain. Leveraging data-driven modeling and machine learning (ML) capabilities is instrumental to ach
ieving this target, which will help optimize manufacturing workflows and reduce lead times.Key Tasks & Responsibilities:Developing accurate process si
mulation and fast surrogate models for welding distortions.Conducting experimental campaigns and collecting sensor data for model V&V.Integrating effi
cient ML models into the software and implementing process-specific optimizations.What You Offer:Master's degree in mechanical engineering, computatio
nal/data science, or a related subject.Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, or CUDA.Strong numerical modeling skills and experi
ence with ML.Professional command of English (written & spoken). Knowledge of German is a plus.Permission to work in Switzerland or EU/EFTA citizenshi
p.What We Offer:A collaborative and unique work environment that fosters application-driven research innovations.Access to state-of-the-art tools and 
resources to support your work.The chance to work with industry leaders and experts in automotive manufacturing and simulation.Possibility to obtain a
 PhD degree from ETH Zurich.Interested & Eligible?We look forward to receiving your complete application, which should include a letter of motivation,
 a detailed CV, transcripts of all obtained degrees (in English), and contact details for at least two referees. Please apply via email to Dr. Mamzi A
frasiabi (E-Mail schreiben), the head of the Computational Manufacturing group.This position will be available as soon as possible or upon agreement; 
the planned project duration is 3 years. The place of work is Zurich.  inspire AGTechnoparkstrasse 1 www.inspire.ch +41 44 556 58 00CH-8005 ZürichKont
aktinspire AG für mechatronische Produktionssysteme und Fertigungstechnik(0)3 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Chief Data Officer (CDO) (a) 80 - 100%Berner Kantonalbank AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:BernChief Data Officer (CDO) (a) 80 - 100%Als Chief Data Officer (CDO) hast du die einmalige Chance, die Zukunft unserer Bank in einer Welt, die im
mer datengetriebener wird, massgeblich mitzugestalten. Zusammen mit deinem Team entwickelst du nicht nur die Vision für ein modernes Datenmanagement, 
sondern übernimmst auch eine tragende Rolle in deren Umsetzung. Spricht dich dieses Umfeld an? Dann bist du der passende Fit für diese spannende Führu
ngsrolle.  Chief Data Officer (CDO) (a)    Wie du begeischterisch   Du definierst, wie ein modernes Datenmanagement in Zukunft aussehen muss und baust
 den neu geschaffenen Bereich mit den entsprechenden Ressourcen auf. Dabei arbeitest du direkt mit der CFO zusammen und berichtest an diese Du bist zu
ständig für sämtliche strategischen Themen rund ums Thema Daten. Du entwickelst zusammen mit dem Strategie-Team und weiteren Stakeholdern die Datenstr
ategie der Bank weiter und definierst Standards, Prinzipien und Regeln für die Pflege und Nutzung von Daten Du übernimmst eine Schlüsselrolle bei der 
Transformation zu einer datengesteuerten Bank. Du führst die strategische Initiative "Aufbau Datenmanagement" und stellst bei sämtlichen Projekten die
 Abstimmung mit der Strategie, sowie den Nutzen für die Bank und ihre Kunden sicher Du bist die erste Ansprechperson für das Thema Daten für unsere Ge
schäftsleitung und den Verwaltungsrat. Dabei bist du stets in enger Abstimmung mit unserer IT-Tochter, Compliance und weiteren Stakeholdern, um neben 
der Business-Perspektive die ganzheitliche Sicht zu gewähren Du trägst wesentlich dazu bei, eine Datenkultur in der Bank zu etablieren. Du schaffst es
, die Mitarbeitenden für die Wichtigkeit des Themas, den richtigen Umgang mit Daten, sowie die neuen Möglichkeiten zu sensibilisieren     Was du mitbr
ingsch   Du hast wesentliche und relevante Erfahrung im Aufbau eines professionellen Datenmanagements, idealerweise in einer führenden Rolle und in ei
nem regulierten Umfeld mit sensitiven Daten Du verfügst über ein umfassendes Verständnis und eine ganzheitliche Sicht aufs Thema Datenmanagement (Date
norganisation, Data Governance, Data Science, Datenschutz). Du bist mit den Anforderungen an ein modernes Datenmanagement aus Business-Sicht bestens v
ertraut, kennst die regulatorischen Anforderungen an das Thema und kannst bei technischen Themen mit IT-Fachpersonen mitdiskutieren Du hast ein strate
gisches Denkvermögen und die Fähigkeit unter Berücksichtigung der technologischen Entwicklungen ein Zielbild zu zeichnen und dieses in konkrete Initia
tiven herunterzubrechen Du bist eine erfahrene Führungspersönlichkeit und schätzt die Möglichkeit gestalten zu können. Dabei schreckst du nicht davor 
zurück, auch mal selbst anzupacken. Du bist ein/e gute/r Kommunikator/in, nimmst deine Stakeholder mit auf die Reise und arbeitest erfolgreich in cros
s-funktionalen Teams Du hast einen Hochschulabschluss (MINT) und/oder hast dich im Thema Datenmanagement laufend weitergebildet Du kennst dich aus mit
 den neusten Konzepten einer modernen Datenorganisation und Datenarchitektur     Mir engagiere üs für di!   Förderung deines individuellen Entwicklung
sbedarfs, zeitlich und finanziell Flexible Arbeitsformen (Teilzeit, Job-Sharing, Homeoffice, Jahresarbeitszeit) Zwischen 25 – 30 Ferientage pro Jahr N
achhaltige Vergütung: keine individuellen Boni, sondern Erfolgsbeteiligung für alle Mitarbeitenden Wie wir miteinander umgehen: Du-Kultur - offen – pe
rsönlich – teamorientiert    Martin Flury HR Business-Partner    Dini BEKB Für Wegbereiterinnen, Brückenbauende und Zukunftsgestalter: Die BEKB-Gruppe
 hat dir als Arbeitgeberin viel zu bieten – weit mehr als Banking. In der Region Bern/Solothurn beraten und begleiten wir Privat- und Firmenkunden mit
 innovativen Finanzdienstleistungen. Die Bedürfnisse unserer Kundinnen und Kunden stehen in unserer täglichen Arbeit stets im Fokus. Mit unserer IT-To
chtergesellschaft aity AG schaffen wir hierzu die richtigen technischen Voraussetzungen. Das Wohl unserer Mitarbeitenden liegt uns am Herzen. Wir förd
ern junge sowie erfahrene Talente in ihrer Weiterentwicklung, setzen uns für individuelle und flexible Arbeitsformen ein und ebnen unseren Mitarbeiten
den den Weg für Weiterbildungs- und Karrierechancen. Dabei steht unsere offene und positive Unternehmenskultur im Vordergrund. Vertrauen, Engagement u
nd Nachhaltigkeit sind bei uns fest verankert; Diversität, Kollaboration und Humor Teil unserer DNA.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


CHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHMES & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceSchaerer AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024Pensum:100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:PremierCHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHMES & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceCHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHME
S & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) Rejoignez notre centre mondial de l'innovation Groupe SEB :  Une équipe stratégie et planification qui dirige et pilote le 
portefeuille de domaines d'innovation Des Hubs d'innovation pluridisciplinaires qui mènent des projets d'innovation de rupture au plus près des princi
paux marchés du Groupe SEB Des Centres d'Excellence qui soutiennent les équipes de projet Innovation, Développement et Marketing dans leurs domaines d
'expertise respectifs: insight consommateurs, propriété intellectuelle, électronique et puissance, matériaux, sciences de l’alimentation, et ingénieri
e  Ce que nous allons accomplir ensemble : « Intégrez notre Centre mondial de l’innovation du Groupe SEB, pour contribuez à façonner les offres de pro
duits et de services de demain. Par votre expérience et expertise , venez renforcer notre capacité à apporter des propositions ou solutions collective
s, pour faciliter la vie de nos utilisateurs. Ensemble, créons un avenir pour leur quotidien », Serge Cubizolles, Responsable du Centre d’Excellence T
echnologique , n+1 du poste Contribuez à notre développement : Votre mission prend place au cœur du centre d’excellence technologique du nouveau centr
e mondial de l’innovation du groupe Seb. Vous êtes intégré à une équipe experte et d’envergure mondiale, dédiée aux questions mettant en jeux les Data
 et les Algorithmes. Au sein de cette équipe, votre rôle spécifique est d’assurer la consolidation et l’évolution des connaissances du domaine Data et
 Algorithmes. Vous recommandez la stratégie technologique à mener en vous appuyant sur les spécialistes associés internes ou externes et définissez le
s priorités, les besoins en ressources et compétences associées afin de répondre aux besoins actuels et futurs de l'organisation. Vos responsabilités 
consistent à :  Être le garant ultime de la pertinence des choix technologiques et organisationnels du domaine Data et Algorithmes, au niveau du group
e, en associant toutes les parties prenantes Animer et développer une équipe, et assurer la cohérence et la performance de l’équipe en pilotant la mis
sion le cas échéant Favoriser la collaboration transverse au sein de l’équipe en partageant les éléments pertinents en temps utile Assurer le cadre co
ntractuel des collaborations et prestations en lien avec les équipes juridiques Assurer la mise en place et l’entretien de moyens techniques ou budgét
aires pour répondre aux besoins actuels et futures de l’équipe  Apportez vos compétences :  De formation supérieure en informatique type école d’ingén
ieur, doctorat, ou équivalent, vous présentez une solide expérience technique, d’au moins 10 ans dans les domaines de l’informatique appliquée. Bases 
solides sur les métiers techniques de l’informatique et du numérique afin de pouvoir avoir des échanges techniques avec des experts techniques de diff
érents métiers : Développement Web et ingénierie : Full stack ou Devops, Architecture des systèmes : Reseaux, Cloud, Gestion de la Data : Base de donn
ées, Data science Passionné par les possibilités offertes par les différentes technologies autour de la data, du machine learning et du generative AI,
 vous êtes désireux d’approfondir toujours plus vos connaissances déjà acquises et de découvrir les nouvelles technologies de Blockchain, mais aussi l
a Cybersécurité et la protection des données, pour les appliquer au service de l’usage Force de proposition, curiosité et innovation, vous aimez le tr
avail en équipe et savez partager et vulgariser vos connaissances. La maitrise de l’anglais est obligatoire compte tenu du périmètre du poste.  Rencon
trons-nous :  Premier échange avec le manager et les équipes recrutement, Rencontre ensuite avec le Directeur de l’Innovation du Groupe  Intégrez un G
roupe Français International animé par :  Des valeurs : volonté d'entreprendre, passion pour l'innovation, professionnalisme, esprit de Groupe et resp
ect de la personne avec des engagements citoyens et d'innovations durables concrets, Un accompagnement de ses collaborateurs : 1 poste sur 2 est pourv
u en interne !, Des avantages pour tous : accords QVT dont 2 jours de télétravail par semaine, prime de vacances, participation/intéressement, 13è moi
s, CSE…  Découvrez-nous en vidéo ! Cliquez ici pour voir la vidéo sur le Campus SEB !KontaktSchaerer AG(10)47 Jobshttps://www.schaerer.comBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Project ManagerIkerian AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernResearch Project Manag
er Ikerian AG (formely RetinAI Medical) is a fast-growing medical device software company headquartered in Bern, Switzerland. Our mission is to enable
 the right decisions sooner in healthcare, through transformative AI & data management solutions for disease screening and monitoring. Join our divers
e team of entrepreneurs, developers, researchers, and commercial experts who are collectively shaping the future of healthcare. We're looking for a Ju
nior Research Project Manager to join our team. If you're excited about shaping the future of health-tech and enjoy a hands-on approach to problem-sol
ving, we're eager to speak to you!   The general Project Manager responsibilities include but are not limited to:    Develop project scopes and object
ives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility. Develop a detailed project plan to track progress. Lead project teams wi
th multi-disciplinary internal resources and customers for the execution of customer projects according to the project plan. Support the definition of
 research questions and analysis plans Identify, analyse and mitigate project risks in a timely manner and escalate issues to line managers Ensure tha
t the assigned projects are delivered according to customer satisfaction (on-time, within scope, budget and requirements). Manage the relationship wit
h the client and all stakeholders to build mutually beneficial results. Ensure resource availability and allocation. Measure project performance using
 appropriate systems, tools and techniques. Communicate and report project progress, major risks, issues and changes to plan; escalate to management a
s needed in a timely manner. Support regulatory documentation and quality reviews. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation.   Master's
 degree in Natural Sciences, Biomedical Engineering, or a related field. Ability to lead smaller to medium teams including resources and time planning
, progress tracking, status updates Knowledge in effort estimation and project planning for smaller to medium projects Strong sense of communication a
nd being able to transfer information between technical and non-technical teams. Good knowledge of stakeholder management to ensure opinions are consi
dered Able to lead by example Knowledge in conflict management, able to identify conflict situations and discuss solutions with senior members Knowled
ge in scope management, able to Identify change requests and scope creeps and escalates to senior members. Good knowledge of project risk management, 
able  to identify common project risks and to mitigate or escalate them to senior members Understands project management processes Good understanding 
of cloud-based software and SaaS 1+ years of experience in managing research projects, including data acquisition, data clean up and data analysis Str
ong ability to work remotely and affinity to work with online tools Sound Background in regulatory compliance for medical devices (MDR / FDA) is a plu
s Background in data science or statistics is a plus Background knowledge in Ophthalmology is a plus   A chance to be part of an exceptional team driv
ing innovation in healthcare. A competitive salary in a supportive work environment that fosters work-life balance. Opportunities for professional gro
wth and development in an international setting. A culture of collaboration and inclusion, which is fundamental to our ethos. Remote work with annual 
in-person team gatherings. Hardware and software support for a seamless remote work experience. Participation in the company's Employee Stock Option P
lan.    We invite qualified candidates eager to make a difference in healthcare technology to apply. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of interpretable deep learning for multi-omics data multi-scale model
s of the immune system with a focus on investigating cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated and ambitious PhD candidate for 
a project focused on developing interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of single-cell and spatially resolved multi-omics data associated 
with CMD. The PhD candidate will develop models that can automatically identify key molecular and morphological structures, such as clusters of cells,
 that are essential for making informed predictions. This project aims to enhance the use of multi-omics and spatially resolved data in clinical decis
ion-making, hence, improving treatment guidance and prognosis.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop deep learning
 models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in CMD diseases, as well as spati
ally resolved molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners. Focus on model interpretability to identify significant spatial regions and immune profile
s. Investigate and address uncertainties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Contribute to
 scientific recommendations on AI model robustness.  Expected Outcomes: Novel interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolve
d data. A novel AI-based classifier of immune profiles.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biolog
y, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a good understanding o
f Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry, will be considered
 an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able to perform team-or
iented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Esse
ntial skills: Able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, prefera
bly in Python. Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. G
ood communication skills in English (both written and spoken)  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data an
alysis. Knowledge of interpretable deep learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine a
t the University of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculu
m, the faculty emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading globa
l cause of death. Through collaborative research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardio
vascular physiology and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdiscipli
nary approach positions the faculty as a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  
https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html  https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (pl
us family allowance if applicable, family status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax 
and employee's National insurance deductions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up 
to train a new generation of researchers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macro
phage biology in the context of cardiometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations i
n tissues that are associated with disease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our v
iew of chronic inflammatory diseases and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, 
twelve doctoral candidates will receive tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflam
mation as well as develop strategies to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease 
modelling approaches. Moreover, they will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts an
d clinicians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-acade
mic institutions in the MIRACLE network that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infras
tructures, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and fost
er the scientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Cent
er (coordinator) Maastricht University, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Le
uven University of Bern AstraZeneca University of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European 
Atherosclerosis Society  KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Security Operations Center Engineer (SOC)Banque Lombard Odier & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:GenevaSecurity Operations Center Engineer (SOC)  Wer sich für eine Karriere bei Lombard Odier entscheidet, ist für einen renommierten, globale
n Vermögensverwalter und Asset Manager tätig, der sich auf nachhaltige Investitionen fokussiert. Wir sind eine unabhängige und innovative Bank erster 
Wahl für private und institutionelle Kunden. Unsere Gruppe ist eine der bestkapitalisierten weltweit. Wir verwalten rund CHF 300 Milliarden und sind a
uf vier Kontinenten von über 25 Niederlassungen aus tätig.     Mit unserer über 225-jährigen Geschichte sind wir ein Investmenthaus mit umfassendem An
gebot an diskretionärer und beratender Portfolioverwaltung sowie Finanzdienstleistungen. Unsere hochmoderne Technologie-Plattform vermarkten wir auch 
erfolgreich an andere Finanzinstitute. Über Lombard Odier Investment Managers bieten wir Vermögensverwaltungsdienstleistungen und Anlagestrategien an.
       "Rethink Everything" ist unsere Philosophie – sie steht im Zentrum unseres Handelns. Wir sind durch mehr als 40 Finanzkrisen stärker geworden, 
indem wir die Welt um uns herum ständig neu gedacht haben. So bieten wir unseren Kundinnen und Kunden stets neue Anlageperspektiven.      Nous sommes 
à la recherche d'un(e) data(e) scientist talentueux(se) pour rejoindre notre équipe de sécurité en constante évolution. Vous serez responsable de la c
onception d’alertes, d’analyser les évènements de sécurité et proposer les remédiations adéquates. Dans le cadre de son activité, vous serez amené à a
voir une collaboration renforcée avec le Data Science Office et à contribuer à la communauté AI dans le groupe. Vous serez aussi responsable de la mis
e en œuvre et de la maintenance de solutions de sécurité automatisées pour améliorer l’efficience de notre Security Operation Center (SOC).    VOTRE M
ISSION :    Collecter, nettoyer et analyser les données de sécurité pour identifier les tendances, les menaces et les vulnérabilités potentielles   Cr
éer des modèles prédictifs pour aider à identifier les risques de sécurité et à prévenir les incidents de sécurité   Travailler en étroite collaborati
on avec les ingénieurs de sécurité pour élaborer des plans d’action et mette en œuvre des solutions de sécurité   Participer à la revue des alertes et
 de la réponse à incident (prévoir un service d’astreinte)   Réaliser et maintenir les solutions informatiques couvrant les besoins du SOC en suivant 
les standards de qualité   Élaborer des workflows et des playbooks de sécurité pour automatiser les tâches récurrentes   Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et
 maintenir des solutions de sécurité automatisées pour le SOC, y compris la sécurité des événements, la gestion des incidents et la réponse automatisé
e aux incidents      VOTRE PROFIL :    Etudes supérieures en informatique (Master EPF ou Uni, Bachelor HES ou équivalent) ;   Excellentes connaissance
s de développement en Python ;   Expérience dans la sécurité informatique et connaissance des outils d’analyse sécurité et de pen-testing un atout ;  
 Esprit analytique et rigoureux, excellentes capacités d’organisation et à travailler en autonomie ;   Anglais courant, connaissances du français et v
olonté d'apprendre ;     Domicile ou possibilité de se domicilier en Suisse.          Fünf Werte definieren die DNA unseres Hauses. Exzellenz motivier
t uns, die Besten unseres Gebiets zu sein, und Innovation ermöglicht unseren Fortschritt. Respekt ist das Fundament unserer Interaktionen, und Integri
tät leitet unser Handeln. Gemeinsam sind wir ein Team, das sich mit leidenschaftlichem Engagement in den Dienst unserer Kundinnen und Kunden stellt.  
   Should you recognise yourself in this mission statement, we would be happy to receive your application. It will be handled in the strictest confide
nce. KontaktBanque Lombard Odier & Cie SA(0)35 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Digital Marketing Consultant 70-100%Your Sidekicks AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Dezember 2023Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:BaselSenior Digital Marketing Consultant 70-100% Dein Job in Kürze du bist Digital Marketing Expert*in. In dieser Rolle unterstützt du deine K
unden aus verschiedenen Branchen, ihre Marketing-Ziele zu erreichen und stehst ihnen mit der passenden Online-Marketing-Strategie beratend zur Seite. 
Zu deinen Aufgaben gehören Neukundenakquise Kundenberatung und -betreuung strategische Planung, Umsetzung und Optimierung von Digital Marketing Aktivi
täten Projektleitung Ausbau von Geschäftsbereiche bei Sidekicks Was dich erwartet Bei Sidekicks bist du Unternehmer*in im Unternehmen. Du bist vielsei
tig unterwegs, pflegst dein Kundenportfolio, gewinnst neue Kunden, führst Projekte, unterstützt bei der Entwicklung und in der Vermarktung von Sidekic
ks und erweiterst stetig dein Wissen. Wir wollen dir Verantwortung übergeben und wünschen uns, dass du unsere Kunden beim Verfolgen und Erreichen ihre
r Ziele unterstützt. Auch sollst du bei der Entwicklung von Sidekicks mitwirken und mitwachsen.  Zusammen gestalten wir die Digital Marketing Welt von
 heute und morgen. Es erwarten dich unter anderem folgende Aufgaben: Aufbauen, Betreuen und Weiterentwickeln deines Kundenportfolios Strategische und 
konzeptionelle Planung sowie Umsetzung von Digital Marketing Aktivitäten: SEO, SEA, Paid Ads, Tracking- und Datenstrategien erarbeiten und umsetzen, A
nalyse und Optimierung laufender Kampagnen Sales: Bearbeiten von Neukundenanfragen, Pitches und Erstgespräche, über die Offertstellung bis hin zu Präs
entationen beim Kunden Leiten von eignen Projekten und Zusammenarbeit im Team an Projekten Mitarbeit beim internen Sidekicks Marketing und bei der Con
tenterstellung sowie Organisieren von Events (Weiter-) Entwicklung von Geschäftsbereichen Wissen erweitern, aufbereiten und vermitteln Was wir erwarte
n Du hast Lust, mitzugestalten und mitzuwachsen. Wir lernen und wachsen gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden. Dir ist klar, dass das kein Selbstläufer ist. Ne
ugier, Proaktivität, Mut und Lösungsorientierung sind uns wichtig. Hab Lust, dich, Sidekicks und deine Kunden weiterzuentwickeln. Hab den Mut, ins kal
te Wasser zu springen, Unbekanntes zu erforschen und bestmögliche Lösungen für unsere Kunden zu erarbeiten. Du willst, dass es klappt: Du weisst etwas
 nicht? Kein Problem, erforsche Lösungsansätze z.B. mithilfe von Google oder tausche dich im Team aus. Geht nicht! Gibt es nicht! Du bist stets dafür 
verantwortlich, dass deine Kunden und Projekte laufen. Im Hintergrund hast du natürlich den Support des Teams. Selbständigkeit und Organisation: du ka
nnst dich selber und deine Projekte organisieren und setzt deine Prioritäten unternehmerisch und im Sinne der Kunden. Dabei vergisst du dein eigenes W
ohlergehen nicht. Deine fachlichen Qualifikationen: Ausbildung oder Studium im Bereich Digital Marketing, Data Science, Kommunikation oder Wirtschafts
informatik Praktische Erfahrung in der Planung, Implementierung und Optimierung in einem oder mehreren der folgenden Bereiche: Paid Ads, Programmatic 
Advertising, Analytics, Tracking und Data, Suchmaschinenwerbung und Suchmaschinenoptimierung. Mehrjährige Erfahrung im Projektmanagement. Sehr gutes D
eutsch in Wort und Schrift, gute Englisch-Kenntnisse von Vorteil Über uns Sidekicks ist ein wachsendes und agiles Unternehmen mit Schwerpunkt Digital 
Marketing. Wir leben eine flache Unternehmenshierarchie und wollen gemeinsam etwas bewegen. Wir setzen uns für datengetriebenes, transparentes und nac
hhaltiges Digital Marketing ein. Mit unseren Kunden und Partnern setzen wir auf eine starke und ehrliche Kollaboration. Als Sidekicks verleihen wir un
seren Kunden und Partnern digitale Superkräfte, in dem wir beratend, strategisch und auch in der smarten Umsetzung zur Seite stehen. Damit punkten wir
: Raum für dich und deine Ideen sowie die Möglichkeit, diese zu verwirklichen Chance, dich selbst weiterzuentwickeln und mit uns gemeinsam zu wachsen 
Eine flache Hierarchie, in der du dich entfalten kannst. Hybrides Arbeiten, flexible Arbeitszeiten & ein tolles Büro im Herzen Basel Positive Lern- un
d Fehlerkultur Junges und dynamisches Team Hier bewerben KontaktYour Sidekicks AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.yoursidekicks.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job me
lden


R&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market AnalyticsHitachi Energy AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:AargauR&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics At Hitachi Energy our purpose is advancing a su
stainable​ energy future for all. We bring power to our homes, schools, hospitals and factories.  Join us and work with fantastic people, while learni
ng  and developing yourself on projects that have a real impact to our communities and society. Bring your passion, bring your energy, and be part of 
a global team that appreciates a simple truth: Diversity + Collaboration = Great Innovation    Our flexible work practices help you optimize personal 
and business performance while creating an environment where all employees can develop their skills and grow.    We’re looking for top talent to join 
our team!  Hitachi Energy Research is looking for a Researcher with expertise in the area of Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics. You will j
oin a dynamic, motivated and creative team with a broad range of experience and competences. As part of our team you will combine theory with practice
, creating, testing and validating new technologies to enable the energy transition.   For this position you can be located at one of our research cen
ters in Mannheim/Germany, Baden/Switzerland, Montreal/Canada, Raleigh/US, Krakow/Poland or Västeras/Sweden.   Your Responsibilities  Propose, contribu
te to and lead research projects designing trading solutions for energy markets (electricity, non-electric energy, multi-energy systems, CO2 compensat
ion), risk management, strategic investment and intelligence tools Be the energy trading domain expert in our interdisciplinary team, collaborating wi
th experts in power systems, AI, optimization, mathematics, data science, SW and human-computer interaction. Propose investigate, and develop automate
d trading solutions with business impact, turn them into prototypes and verify them  Develop concepts for combining models of energy markets with new 
and emerging technologies such as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Network in the company and actively distribute your knowledge and expe
rtise Collaborate with local and global external partners including universities, open-source communities, startups and vendors Disseminate your resul
ts in scientific publications, patent applications, and technical reports    Your background  Strong academic qualification with an internationally re
cognized degree at masters or doctorate level in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Power Systems Engineering, or any r
elated field. In-depth knowledge of energy planning and trading solutions, including aspects such as market analytics, market data automation and inte
gration solutions and trading and risk management. Software development experience to develop trading algorithms Experience that demonstrates your tea
m-oriented, innovative, and strategic working styles Fluency in English, both written and spoken.     Hitachi Energy is a global technology leader tha
t is advancing a sustainable energy future for all. We serve customers in the utility, industry and infrastructure sectors with innovative solutions a
nd services across the value chain. Together with customers and partners, we pioneer technologies and enable the digital transformation required to ac
celerate the energy transition towards a carbon-neutral future. We are advancing the world’s energy system to become more sustainable, flexible and se
cure whilst balancing social, environmental and economic value. Hitachi Energy has a proven track record and unparalleled installed base in more than 
140 countries. Headquartered in Switzerland, we employ around 38,000 people in 90 countries and generate business volumes of approximately $10 billion
 USD. www.hitachienergy.com BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Digital Marketing Consultant 70-100%Your Sidekicks AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 Juni 2023Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:BaselJunior Digital Marketing Consultant 70-100% Dein Job in Kürze Du bist angehende Digital Marketing Expert*in. Du bist Digital Marketing Expert
*in. In dieser Rolle unterstützt du deine Kunden aus verschiedenen Branchen, ihre Marketing-Ziele zu erreichen und stehst ihnen mit der passenden Onli
ne-Marketing-Strategie beratend zur Seite. Zu deinen Aufgaben gehören Neukundenakquise Kundenberatung und -betreuung strategische Planung, Umsetzung u
nd Optimierung von Digital Marketing Aktivitäten Was dich erwartet Du erhältst die Möglichkeit on the job Wissen zum Digital Marketing aufzubauen und 
eine Ausbildung zu absolvieren. Bei Sidekicks bist du Unternehmer*in im Unternehmen. Du bist vielseitig unterwegs, pflegst dein Kundenportfolio, gewin
nst neue Kunden, führst Projekte, unterstützt bei der Entwicklung und in der Vermarktung von Sidekicks und erweiterst stetig dein Wissen. Wir wollen d
ir Verantwortung übergeben und wünschen uns, dass du unsere Kunden beim Verfolgen und Erreichen ihrer Ziele unterstützt. Auch sollst du bei der Entwic
klung von Sidekicks mitwirken und mitwachsen.  Zusammen gestalten wir die Digital Marketing Welt von heute und morgen. Es erwarten dich unter anderem 
folgende Aufgaben: Aufbauen, Betreuen und Weiterentwickeln deines eigenen Kundenportfolios Strategische und konzeptionelle Planung sowie Umsetzung von
 Digital Marketing Aktivitäten: SEO, SEA, Paid Ads, Tracking- und Datenstrategien erarbeiten und umsetzen, Analyse und Optimierung laufender Kampagnen
, Sales: Bearbeiten von Neukundenanfragen, Pitches und Erstgespräche, über die Offertstellung bis hin zu Präsentationen beim Kunden Leiten von eignen 
Projekten und Zusammenarbeit im Team an Projekten Mitarbeit beim internen Sidekicks Marketing und bei der Contenterstellung sowie Organisieren von Eve
nts (Weiter-) Entwicklung von Geschäftsbereichen Wissen erweitern, aufbereiten und vermitteln Was wir erwarten Du hast Lust, mitzugestalten und mitzuw
achsen. Wir lernen und wachsen gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden. Dir ist klar, dass das kein Selbstläufer ist. Neugier, Proaktivität, Mut und Lösungsorien
tierung sind uns wichtig. Hab Lust, Dich, Sidekicks und deine Kunden weiterzuentwickeln. Hab den Mut, ins kalte Wasser zu springen, Unbekanntes zu erf
orschen und bestmögliche Lösungen für unsere Kunden zu erarbeiten. Du willst, dass es klappt: Du weisst etwas nicht? Kein Problem, erforsche Lösungsan
sätze z.B. mithilfe von Google oder tausche Dich im Team aus. Geht nicht! Gibt es nicht! Du bist stets dafür verantwortlich, dass deine Kunden und Pro
jekte laufen. Im Hintergrund hast du natürlich den Support des Teams. Selbständigkeit und Organisation: Du kannst Dich selber und deine Projekte organ
isieren und setzt deine Prioritäten unternehmerisch und im Sinne der Kunden. Dabei vergisst du dein eigenes Wohlergehen nicht. Deine fachlichen Qualif
ikationen: Abgeschlossenes Studium im Bereich Marketing, Kommunikation, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Data Science oder BWL. Alternativ Berufserfahrung im ka
ufmännischen oder grafischen Bereich. Sehr gutes Deutsch in Wort und Schrift, gute Englisch-Kenntnisse von Vorteil Von Vorteil: Praktische Erfahrung i
n der Planung, Implementierung und Optimierung in einem oder mehreren der folgenden Bereiche: Paid Ads, Programmatic Advertising, Analytics, Tracking 
und Data, Suchmaschinenwerbung und Suchmaschinenoptimierung. Erfahrung im Projektmanagement Über uns Sidekicks ist ein wachsendes und agiles Unternehm
en mit Schwerpunkt Digital Marketing. Wir leben eine flache Unternehmenshierarchie und wollen gemeinsam etwas bewegen. Wir setzen uns für datengetrieb
enes, transparentes und nachhaltiges Digital Marketing ein. Mit unseren Kunden und Partnern setzen wir auf eine starke und ehrliche Kollaboration. Als
 Sidekicks verleihen wir unseren Kunden und Partnern digitale Superkräfte, in dem wir beratend, strategisch und auch in der smarten Umsetzung zur Seit
e stehen. Damit punkten wir: Raum für dich und deine Ideen sowie die Möglichkeit, diese zu verwirklichen Chance, dich selbst weiterzuentwickeln und mi
t uns gemeinsam zu wachsen Eine flache Hierarchie, in der du dich entfalten kannst. Hier bewerben KontaktYour Sidekicks AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.yoursid
ekicks.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Analyst & Project Lead Ops Research (80-100%, all genders)Swiss International Air Lines AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:80 –
 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Analyst & Project Lead Ops Research (80-100%, all genders)Data Analyst & Project Lead Ops Research (8
0-100%, all genders) Join our cutting-edge Operations Research & ATM (Air Traffic Management) team to lead the way towards sustainable, efficient, and
 punctual flight operations! Be a part of the team that is shaping the future of European air traffic management and making air travel more sustainabl
e! Starting date: August 01, 2024 or upon Agreement You may apply in English or German. Facts     Location Zurich, Zürich/Kloten     Employment level 
Direct entry     Function Engineering, Flight Operations     Working time Full time     Salary Base Management     Publishing date 05-09-2024     Appl
ication deadline 05-24-2024 As a Data Analyst & Project Lead you will work at the heart of our Operations with the following tasks:  Leading SWISS inv
olvement in European SESAR Research projects targeting non-CO2 emissions and sustainability in Flight Operations and ATM Collaborate with important in
dustry partners, e.g. ANSPs, Aircraft Manufacturers and Research Institutions Develop innovative and tailored solutions to business problems and test 
them in practice by developing proof of concepts and refine them into productive tools Technical support in back- and front end development for existi
ng and new prototype tools Visualize and present complex information to internal and external stakeholders and partners Generate insights from operati
onal data sets & trial results leading to operational improvements in collaboration with other Operations departments (e.g. Flight Dispatch) and Corpo
rate Responsibility.  Shared position possibility: Please apply as tandem (each partner sends an individual application and refers to the other tandem
 partner) Vivien McKinson Human Resources Swiss International Air Lines AG Attractive company pension scheme, Subsidized parking or public transport, 
Company health management, Flight benefits, Remote working (e.g. from home), Flexible workhours and part-time working models, Diversity programmes, Pa
id maternity and paternity leave Our common goal is to make each customer’s flight a true air travel experience. For this, we go the extra mile – alwa
ys, in every step of the process, worldwide. Join the SWISS team to become part of our fascinating world, where a job turns into a lifetime adventure.
 We are looking for a motivated new colleague to join our Operations Research & ATM team, eager to pursue innovative ideas, exploring new technologies
, and applying them in practice.  At least 5 years of experience as a business analyst or data analyst, knowledge of project management is an asset. M
aster degree with focus in aviation, engineering, data science or environmental sciences, or Bachelor degree with significant professional experience 
in job related area Affinity for new technologies and understanding of modern IT practices(DevOps, Cloud, etc.) Experience in one or more of the follo
wing programming languages: Python, C#, a front-end framework(e.g. Angular/dash), understanding of SQL & Databases Strong communication and argumentat
ion skills. Good knowledge of data visualization and techniques. Self-confidence with very proactive attitude, flexibility and creativity, acts as tea
m player. Written and spoken fluency in English, German as an asset.  For any further questions, please contact us at +41 44 564 22 66 It’s the little
 differences that make working at SWISS so appealing. The fact, for example, that we treat every detail with care, see quality in terms of hospitality
 and view nationality through an international lens. In a similar way, we see variety as richness, a job as an experience and SWISS as a world of insp
iration. You, too, will be stimulated in our special working environment – one in which, wherever you are, you’ll always feel: Truly SWISS .... where 
people matter.www.swiss.com Teilen über Ihren Social Media Account Klicken Sie auf eines der Icons: Zum Kopieren des Links klicken Sie auf folgendes I
con:KontaktSwiss International Air LInes AG(0)41 Jobshttps://www.swiss.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of multi-scale models of the immune system with a focus on investigat
ing cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated PhD candidate to embark on an exciting project focusing on the development of a c
omprehensive multi-scale model of the immune system, with a particular emphasis on inflammation and its role in cardiometabolic diseases (CMD). The pr
oject aims to identify new therapeutic strategies to mitigate inflammation and disease progression in CMD. The PhD candidate will develop hybrid mathe
matical-AI models that integrate mechanistic insights with AI methodologies, addressing challenges related to data scarcity, lack of robustness and ge
neralization of existing data-driven models. The model will be trained on multi-omics datasets and will encapsulate known macrophage and T-cell biolog
y.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop a multi-scale model of the immune system to investigate inflammation by e
xtending existing models (focused on T and B cell biology) to include macrophages. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in 
CMD diseases. Using the developed model, characterize the dynamical interplay and cellular communication between T cells and macrophages in atheroscle
rosis. Integrate spatial molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners to enable accurate cellular simulations of CMDs. Investigate and address uncerta
inties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets.  Expected Outcomes: Development of an accurate 
model for the mechanistic investigation of chronic inflammation and CMD. Innovative models to explore therapeutic interventions in CMD. Development of
 new interpretable deep learning methods for multi-omics data integration.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in C
omputational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a g
ood understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry,
 will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able
 to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/
QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills: Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python. Solid foundation in math
ematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communication skills in English (bo
th written and spoken).  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowledge of interpretable dee
p learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine at the University of Bern, one of Switz
erland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty emphasizes practical re
levance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of death. Through collaborativ
e research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiolog
y, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach positions the faculty as
 a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng
.html   https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus family allowance if applicable, fa
mily status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and employee's National insurance ded
uctions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train a new generation of research
ers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage biology in the context of cardi
ometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissues that are associated with di
sease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of chronic inflammatory diseases 
and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve doctoral candidates will recei
ve tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation as well as develop strategies 
to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modelling approaches. Moreover, they 
will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinicians pledging clinically acti
onable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic institutions in the MIRACLE netwo
rk that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructures, resources, and solid data 
places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the scientists of tomorrow. The MI
RACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coordinator) Maastricht Universit
y, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven University of Bern AstraZeneca U
niversity of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atherosclerosis Society   MIRACLE Kon
taktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship in Flight Ops Efficiency & Analytics (limited 3-12 months, 40-100%, all genders)Swiss International Air Lines AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffent
licht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:5 – 100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:ZürichInternship in Flight Ops Efficiency & Analytics (limited 3-12 months, 40-100%, all g
enders)Internship in Flight Ops Efficiency & Analytics (limited 3-12 months, 40-100%, all genders) Take action in driving our flight operations toward
s a more efficient and sustainable status quo by leveraging quantitative insights to enable informed decision making as well as powering digital apps 
and systems. This unique position is positioned at the enticing interface between data, sustainability and airline operations. Starting date: August 0
1, 2024 You may apply in English or German. Facts     Location Zürich/Kloten     Employment level University internship     Function Other     Working
 time Full-time or part-time     Salary CHF 2,500.- gross per month for Bachelor and Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education students or graduate
s / CHF 3,000.- gross per month for Master students or graduates     Publishing date 05-07-2024     Application deadline 05-28-2024 During the course 
of your internship, you will play an active role in supporting the development of our flight data ecosystem and analytical methodologies, conducting a
nalyses on operational efficiency matters and ultimately drive measures and projects aiming to reduce emissions.  Collaborate with pilots, engineers a
nd data experts to derive meaningful data-driven insights powering operational efficiency projects and measures. Proactively identify opportunities fo
r potential fuel/cost savings and emission reductions. Process aircraft recorded & operational data for explorative and visual analytics as well as de
fining and designing new analytical approaches and methodologies. Support efforts to accurately quantify, validate and report the emission impact of o
perational measures in accordance with regulatory requirements. Support the continuous documentation, modernization and improvement of data processing
, storage, and utilization tasks. Conduct ad hoc analyses and present results to relevant stakeholders.  Luke Albright Flight Ops Efficiency & Analyti
cs Swiss International Air Lines AG Subsidized parking or public transport, Company health management, 25 days of annual vacation, Flight benefits, Em
ployee and networking events, Remote working (e.g. from home), Flexible workhours and part-time working models, Discounts, Diversity programmes Our co
mmon goal is to make each customer’s flight a true air travel experience. For this, we go the extra mile – always, in every step of the process, world
wide. Join the SWISS team to become part of our fascinating world, where a job turns into a lifetime adventure. We are seeking a motivated and data sa
vvy candidate with a high degree of interest in the operational workings of an airline and aviation as a whole.  Workload Specification: For this posi
tion, a 80-100% workload is preferred. Bachelor’s and Master’s students or graduates (Bachelor’s students must have completed at least three semesters
) in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science, IT, Aviation or other related field Experience in programming (e.g. R or Python), querying (e.g.
 SQL) as well as data visualization methods and tools (e.g. Tableau) Strong analytical and presentation skills Independent, creative and proactive per
sonality A high willingness to learn, openness to new ideas and a high interest in complex issues Systematic and structured work approach Interest in 
aviation and the airline industry Very good spoken and written English skills Very good MS Office skills  For any further questions, please contact ou
r Recruiting Services Center at +41 44 564 22 66. It’s the little differences that make working at SWISS so appealing. The fact, for example, that we 
treat every detail with care, see quality in terms of hospitality and view nationality through an international lens. In a similar way, we see variety
 as richness, a job as an experience and SWISS as a world of inspiration. You, too, will be stimulated in our special working environment – one in whi
ch, wherever you are, you’ll always feel: Truly SWISS .... where people matter.www.swiss.com Teilen über Ihren Social Media Account Klicken Sie auf ei
nes der Icons: Zum Kopieren des Links klicken Sie auf folgendes Icon:KontaktSwiss International Air LInes AG(0)41 Jobshttps://www.swiss.comBewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Assistant Professorship: Support for SNSF Starting Grant in MicrobiologyUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Ver
trag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichAssistant Professorship: Support for SNSF Starting Grant in MicrobiologyThe Institute of Medical Microbiology at t
he University of Zurich (UZH) is searching for pioneers in the field of Microbiology. We're actively seeking to support an applicant for an SNSF start
ing grant who demonstrates not only proficiency but also an innovative spirit. The chosen candidate will be assisted in their proposal submission to t
he Swiss National Science Foundation. If successful, an invitation to negotiate for a five-year non-tenure-track Assistant Professorship at the Instit
ute of Medical Microbiology (UZH) awaits.  Institutional and project background: Nestled in Zurich, the Institute of Medical Microbiology thrives as a
 powerhouse of innovation, seamlessly bridging routine diagnostics with cutting-edge research. The institute is the largest academic center for microb
iological diagnostics in Switzerland and provides routine and highly specialized diagnostic service for the University Hospital Zurich and surrounding
 hospitals. It harbors the national reference center for Mycobacteria. A large biobank with clinical bacterial isolates is available. Our approach spa
ns from deep, fundamental explorations to swift, translational applications, ensuring that our discoveries have real-world impact. Within our walls, f
ive dynamic research groups collaborate and innovate together. Our strategic location and the fruitful environment we've cultivated are the keystones 
of a vast collaborative network, setting the stage for groundbreaking discoveries and partnerships.  Assistant Professorship: Support for SNSF Startin
g Grant in Microbiology   Job description: The incoming Assistant Professor is expected to dive deep, charting unexplored territories in microbiology 
- ideally the researcher shows a diagnostic interest. We're searching for a visionary - someone keen on introducing groundbreaking microbiological met
hods and theories with applications that resonate from the clinic to the very frontier of academic research. A passion for teaching, paired with the l
eadership skills required to lead a research team, is indispensable.   Your profile: We seek excellence. Candidates must:  Satisfy the eligibility cri
teria for SNSF starting grants, specifically targeting those with a track record showcasing 2 to 8 years of post-PhD research. Stand out with research
 outputs that not only exceed their doctoral contributions but also redefine boundaries in the field. We are particularly interested in the following 
expertise: "mechanisms of antimicrobial resistance or virulence", "protein and phage engineering", "metabolome analysis and mass spectrometry approach
es to study microorganisms", "microfluidics and/or imaging in the context of infection biology", “data science in microbiology”, “organoids”, and/or “
evolution of pathogens (bioinformatics)”.  Strong applications of candidates with other expertise in the context of microbiology are also explicitly w
elcome. The University of Zurich champions individuals who display leadership, drive, and a commitment to fostering collaborative work cultures.  Your
 workplace & What We Offer: The University of Zurich (UZH) is Switzerland's largest educational institution with a storied history dating back to 1833
. As a pioneering university founded by a democratic political system, UZH holds membership in prestigious networks like the "League of European Resea
rch Universities" (LERU) and "Universitas 21" (U21). This stature is further highlighted by our twelve Nobel Laureates.With seven faculties offering a
 broad academic spectrum and over 28,000 students, our commitment extends beyond academia. UZH actively shares knowledge through public-access museums
, libraries, and accessible research presentations. Joining our ranks means integrating into an environment of distinguished excellence, impacting not
 only the Canton of Zurich but also Switzerland at large.  We Value Diversity: The University of Zurich is inclusive and stands firm on equal opportun
ity and fostering an environment where its members are respected and valued. We especially encourage applications from female scientists.  Curious? So
 are we! Please apply online with:  A comprehensive resume, publications list, and a highlight of your three most significant achievements. A research
 statement, not only outlining past works but also sketching a vision and future research directions (not exceeding 2 pages). A teaching and mentorshi
p statement (limited to 1 page). A motivation letter that outlines and describes areas for potential collaborations with researchers and diagnostic un
its at the institute.    E-Mail schreiben  KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Principal Solutions ConsultantOpen Text AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BadenPrincipal Sol
utions ConsultantPrincipal Solution Consultant, Compliant e-Invoicing Specialist Virtual, GB OPENTEXT OpenText is a global leader in information manag
ement, where innovation, creativity, and collaboration are the key components of our corporate culture. As a member of our team, you will have the opp
ortunity to partner with the most highly regarded companies in the world, tackle complex issues, and contribute to projects that shape the future of d
igital transformation. Your Impact As a Principal Solutions Consultant specialising in e-Invoicing, you'll play a pivotal role in driving OpenText's E
uropean team's initiatives towards enhancing compliance and automation in invoicing processes. Leveraging your expertise, you'll contribute significan
tly to our sales initiatives, expanding our services portfolio with a particular focus on e-invoicing compliance. Through collaboration with cross-fun
ctional teams, you'll ensure OpenText remains at the forefront of industry-leading solutions, influencing product enhancements and providing valuable 
insights into evolving legislative landscapes. What the Role Offers  Strategic Influence: Provide subject matter expertise to support sales initiative
s, influencing business process improvements, and enhancing the compliance services offered to customers. Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely
 with European Solutions Consulting, Product Management, and Professional Services teams to advance e-invoicing solutions and ensure alignment with ma
rket needs and legislative requirements. Customer Engagement: Consult with customers at various levels, from operational staff to C-suite executives, 
delivering value-centric presentations and facilitating discussions on e-invoicing compliance and automation. Market Positioning: Collaborate with Pro
duct Marketing and Sales teams on competitive intelligence, sales collateral, and solution positioning, contributing to winning projects and go-to-mar
ket strategies. Thought Leadership: Host webinars and in-person events dedicated to e-invoicing, fostering thought leadership and showcasing OpenText'
s capabilities in addressing customer needs.  What You Need to Succeed  Expertise: Extensive experience in e-Invoicing and invoice compliance, with a 
solid understanding of EU and global e-invoicing regulations and best practices across industries. Customer Focus: Demonstrated ability to understand 
and analyze prospect needs and position OpenText solutions effectively, with experience working with Finance and Tax departments within large enterpri
ses. Technical Acumen: Solid understanding of e-invoicing regulations in various countries. Conceptual understanding of ERP systems and integration, a
long with experience in services models and global operations. Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English plus
 proficiency in French, Spanish, or German. Additional language proficiency is advantageous. Collaborative Mindset: Ability to foster open communicati
on, engage in candid discussions, and work independently while contributing to team initiatives. Education: Master's or equivalent degree in Computer 
Science, Data Science, or Business Administration.  One Last Thing Join us at OpenText in shaping the future of e-invoicing solutions. Your expertise 
and collaborative approach will not only drive business growth but also contribute to enhancing compliance and automation in invoicing processes, deli
vering value to our customers and positioning OpenText as a leader in the industry. If you're ready to make a significant impact and thrive in a dynam
ic, cross-functional environment, we want to hear from you. OpenText's efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with 
applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, reg
ardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, r
eligion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the applicat
ion or recruiting process, please contact us at accommodations@opentext.com. Our proactive approach fosters collaboration, innovation, and personal gr
owth, enriching OpenText's vibrant workplace.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer - IT ConsultantMirai Solutions GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Dezember 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züri
chSoftware Engineer - IT ConsultantAt Mirai, you will have the chance to build a career as unique as you are. With our small team and collaborative en
vironment you will find the support and motivation to grow and develop quickly and smoothly. And we are counting on your individual talent and perspec
tive to help Mirai become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself in Zurich, the economic capital of Switzerland. S
oftware Engineer / IT Consultant To be successful in this role you must be someone who: Is motivated, team-oriented, sociable, reliable and self-drive
n Is not afraid to try and keep learning Enjoys working face to face with clients and business users Cares about quality, is dedicated and is willing 
to take on responsibility Has a passion for data analytics and DevOps Embraces a solution-oriented can-do collaborative attitude Brings a good knowled
ge of Python and software development principles Your key responsibilities: You work on client projects and will gain insights into cutting-edge enter
prise-grade IT environments and technologies. Your focus lies on software design, implementation and code review, establishing and promoting best prac
tices. We rely on your broad interest and capabilities to contribute across multiple areas such as architecture, data engineering, implementation of s
tatistical models, DevOps and business analysis. You quickly expand your expertise and responsibilities as you work alongside other team members that 
provide you guidance and reference. Furthermore, you will be supported with trainings, courses and learnings where relevant. Your qualifications and e
xperience: Fluency in English, both written and oral Master degree or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or related fields Professional exp
erience in software development Ability to think critically and arrive at elegant solutions to challenging problems Expert knowledge of Python, code m
odularization and packaging, unit testing Good understanding of object-oriented design, data structures and algorithms Experience with DevOps, CI/CD a
nd Cloud integrations (preferably MS Azure) Good communication skills, service-orientation with an agile mindset and strong focus on customer satisfac
tion Familiarity with containerization Some experience and / or interest in the financial / insurance sector What we offer: Comprehensive compensation
 package where you will be rewarded and recognized for the value you bring to the business and the team. The salary ranges from CHF 90’000 – 150’000. 
Individual salaries within this range are determined through a variety of factors including but not limited to education, experience, knowledge and sk
ills. Option to work in the office full-time, hybrid, or consideration for additional flexibility; subject to specific client project demands. Diverse
 and inclusive workplace fostering collaboration and knowledge-sharing. Option to actively contribute towards selection of side-projects (proto-types,
 use-cases) and (open-source) community engagements. Excellent personal and professional development possibilities. Seasonal and monthly team get-toge
thers including summer barbecue, relay race, winter event. Half-fare ticket for the Swiss public transportation system. Workplace benefits. About Mira
i: Mirai Solutions is a Zurich based company founded in 2009 with a record of successful projects across the (re-)insurance and financial sectors. We 
specialize in medium-scale projects around data science and analytic platforms for managing and modeling risk and other business applications. If you 
are living in Switzerland or you are planning to relocate, consider yourself a fast learner and are interested to contribute in a small but strong tea
m in a dynamic environment, please send your application (cover letter, CV, references), indicating preferred and earliest possible starting date, to:
 Guido MaggioE-Mail schreiben If you have any questions about the job offer or would like to obtain more information, please contact us by email. Kont
aktMirai Solutions GmbH(0)1 Jobhttps://www.mirai-solutions.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Technology Consulting - AI & DataErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Consultant - Technology Consulting - AI & DataAt EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the
 global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to
 help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.    Deine Chance  Start
e deine nächste berufliche Herausforderung und werde Teil unseres einzigartigen AI & Data Team. In dieser Rolle bist Du Teil unseres Beratungsgeschäft
es und arbeitest an herausfordernden AI & Data Projekten für unsere Kunden, wobei Du stets die neuesten Technologien einsetzen kannst.   Unser Beratun
gsgeschäft bietet eine breite Palette von funktionalen und grenzüberschreitenden Dienstleistungen, die darauf abgezielt ist, unseren Kunden hochwertig
e und vertrauenswürdige Ratschläge zu geben, mit einem speziellen Fokus auf Geschäftstransformationsprogramme. Wir bieten unseren Kunden weltweit naht
lose, konsistente und hochwertige Dienstleistungen an. Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams suchen wir derzeit einen (Senior) Consultant mit Erfahrung in den
 Bereichen wie Business Analyse, AI und Automatisierung um Kundenengagements zu unterstützen.Wir sind ein dynamisches Team, das auf erstklassige AI- u
nd Data-Services spezialisiert ist. Als essentielles Mitglied unseres Teams wirst du unsere Kunden durch datenorientierte Erkenntnisse stärken. Dies f
ördert nicht nur die Verbesserung von Entscheidungsprozessen und strategischer Planung, sondern treibt auch die Geschäftsleistung der Kunden voran.Dar
über hinaus fördern wir eine Kultur des innovativen Denkens und bieten unseren Teammitgliedern zahlreiche Möglichkeiten zum individuellen Wachstum an.
    Deine Hauptaufgaben   Auf Projektbasis unsere Kunden in Themen wie Datenstrategie, Datenarchitektur, Datenanalyse, Datenvisualisierung, Prozessaut
omatisierung, Data Governance und Data Science unterstützen Unterstütze bei Vorbereitung, Planung und Durchführung von Workshops und Interviews z.B. z
ur Erstberatung oder Co-Creation/Design Thinking Workshops Analysiere, erfasse und dokumentiere Anforderungen für Daten, AI und Automatisierungs use c
ases in enger Abstimmung mit Stakeholdern. Gewährleiste eine klare und präzise Definition von Anforderungen zur Erfüllung der Kundenbedürfnissen Erste
llung eines Business Case, Use Case Analyse, User Interfaces (Modelle mit Wireframes oder Mockups) und Daten strategie Umsetzen der Anforderungen und 
Geschäftsregeln aus Fach- und Business Analyse in Systemanforderungen und Anforderungen an Schnittstellen Erarbeiten, Validieren, Priorisieren, Dokume
ntieren und Verwalten von Anforderungen und Rahmenbedingungen der Stakeholder an die zu realisierenden IT-Systeme Umsetzung der Anforderung und Entwic
klung eines Use Case (z.B. AI Analyse) Sicherstellen der Kommunikation mit Stakeholdern und Fachabteilungen      Deine Kompetenzen   Sehr gute mündlic
he und schriftliche Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in Deutsch und Englisch  Erfolgreich abgeschlossenes betriebswirtschaftliches oder IT Studium mit hervor
ragenden Ergebnissen Mehrjährige Erfahrung (1-5 Jahre) im Bereich Business Analyse/Business Consulting oder/und Business Requirements Engineering Idea
lerweise bringst du schon Weiterbildungen im Bereich Business Analyse oder/und Business Requirements Engineering mit z.B. Foundation in IREB, CBAP/CCB
A  Praktische Erfahrung (1-5 Jahre) im breiteren Daten-, Analyse- und Automatisierungsfeld (min. 1 Erfahrungsbereich): Data Engineering, AI & Advanced
 Analytics (inkl. Statistik), Prozessautomatisierung mit UiPath / Power Apps etc. Praktische Programmiererfahrung (z.B. mit Python, etc.)  Erfahrung m
it Projektführungsmethoden (z.B. Hermes, SCRUM, SAFe, RUP) und technischer Methoden (z.B. DevOps, MLOps etc.), Notationen (BPMN, UML) und Werkzeugen f
ür die Modellierung und Verwaltung von Anforderungen (z.B. Innovator von der Firma MID oder EA von der Firma SparxSystems) Kenntnisse im Stakeholder-M
anagement und eine kundenorientierte Arbeitsweise Ausgezeichneter Teamplayer, der gerne in einem integrativen Umfeld arbeitet, aber auch selbstständig
 arbeiten kann  Ausgeprägte analytische Fähigkeiten und Problemlösungskompetenz      Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit, in einem 
vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeitenden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusammenarbeiten,
 von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönliche Entwic
klung und Weiterbildung unsererMitarbeitenden.  Hiererfährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility. Haben wir Dein I
nteresse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeugnissen und Diplome
n. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an unser Recruiting Team wenden (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 286 33 66).    The exceptio
nal EY experience. It’s yours to build   EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-ter
m value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.   Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countri
es provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.    Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and trans
actions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps
://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Analyst 100% (m/f/d)Curaden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:KriensSenior Data A
nalyst 100% (m/f/d)Curaden AG, headquartered in Kriens near Lucerne, is an innovative family business and stands for an idea, for a system, for a phil
osophy in terms of comprehensive oral health. Better health for you - with this central promise, we develop, market and distribute products for dentis
try and dental care worldwide under the brand CURAPROX. With this brand, we are now represented in over 90 countries on six continents. In addition, w
e have been advising dental professionals in practices and laboratories with solutions for sixty years and offer all the necessary products for custom
er-oriented practice operations. Our goal is to create a win-win-win situation between patient-dentist-Curaden. We are seeking a Senior Data Analyst t
o join our Digital Sales Department. This department oversees the company’s online distribution channels and mobile applications. The primary objectiv
e of this role is to utilise data to steer strategic decision-making and enhance business performance while establishing robust reporting systems and 
processes. Your focus will be to offer actionable insights that optimise the performance of our digital solutions by harnessing the power of data and 
transforming it into strategic insight to further refine these solutions. In this capacity, you will supervise one individual. This role is pivotal in
 monitoring and reporting on key metrics, facilitating data-informed decision-making, and contributing to the overall success and expansion of our dig
ital solutions and activities. We expect from this position to enhance visibility into performance, improve the ability to identify optimization and g
rowth opportunities, increase effectiveness in driving continuous improvement, and provide better insights into the profitability of our activities. S
enior Data Analyst 100% (m/f/d) Your tasks  Lead a subteam and improve operations and performance of the team responsible for providing insights from 
digital data. Take ownership of the pipeline of data and analytics use cases across the digital products managed by the team. Establish and monitor us
e case value delivery and KPIs and regularly review performance with key stakeholders. Translate business inquiries into analytical solutions and use 
cases that produce actionable insights. Define data requirements, data models, and data architecture to support further analysis. Lead and conduct adv
anced data analysis to derive meaningful insights and guide strategic decision-making. Apply statistical techniques, predictive modeling, and machine 
learning algorithms to extract insights, foster innovation, and optimize business performance. Provide strategic guidance and actionable recommendatio
ns to stakeholders based on data insights. Present data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manne
r. Ensure compliance with data protection regulations, privacy laws, and industry standards in data management and analytics activities. Collaborate w
ith legal and compliance teams to address any data-related legal and ethical considerations. Develop and implement data management strategies, includi
ng data governance, data quality, and data integration, to ensure the accuracy and reliability of data. Cultivate a collaborative and innovative team 
culture, promoting knowledge sharing and continuous learning.  Your profile  Hold a Bachelor of Science (or equivalent) in Data Science, Computer Scie
nce, Engineering, Management Information Systems, IT, MBA, or possess equivalent commercial experience and discipline. Demonstrated leadership experie
nce, with the ability to motivate and guide teams. Demonstrate extensive experience (preferably in healthcare) with relevant working knowledge in deli
vering actionable analytical insights that drive positive business results. Possess strategic business acumen and understanding of commercial and mark
eting approaches. Exhibit proficiency in analytical methods, statistical models and tools, and hypothesis building. Have the ability to communicate an
d collaborate across business and technical teams, with empathy and sensitivity for differences in data maturity. Possess strong project and people ma
nagement skills to execute complex initiatives and to get things done. Demonstrate the capacity to challenge the status quo and to be solutions orient
ed. Exhibit the ability to motivate key stakeholders from different teams to work towards the same goal. Possess experience in change management.  Cur
aden convinces with  challenging, versatile and exciting tasks fast growing company familiar working atmosphere and a dynamic working environment vari
ous opportunities for further training and career development trust in the employees with the possibility to contribute oneself attractive employee co
nditions and offers  Does this appeal to you? Then apply right now for this interesting position. We look forward to getting to know you! CURADEN AG |
 Human Resources | Amlehnstrasse 22 | 6010 Kriens | Phone: +41 41 319 45 38KontaktCURADEN AG(2)20 Jobshttps://www.curaden.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Paid Internship - Consumer & Market Knowledge: Human Insights (m/f/x)Procter & Gamble International Operations SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 O
ktober 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:Petit-Lancy, GenevaPaid Internship - Consumer & Market Knowledge: Human Insights (m/
f/x) Job Location Petit-Lancy Job Description Position:  Paid Internship – Consumer & Market Knowledge: Human Insights (m/f/x) Location: Geneva Are yo
u energized by solving tough business problems? Are you curious and creative with a bias towards action? If so, then a role in the Analytics & Insight
s organization is for you!The Analytics & Insights organization create a point of difference for P&G. We directly influence business strategy, via dee
p consumer, retailer and market understanding, spanning from human insights to data science.This role is within Human Insights. You will be the broade
r A&I organization go-to-person on understanding people and uncovering insights that drive business choices and broader strategies, with your deep und
erstanding and passion for human psychology and behavioral science.  Key Responsibilities: We define consumers through personas/archetypes, JTBD frame
works, journey maps and other tangible compelling frameworks; We enable and advocate for consumer empathy across the organization through ongoing imme
rsions with consumers, helping build the skills and confidence in the organization; We synthesize disparate inputs and train the organization to move 
from abstract to concrete insights, driving clarity, detail and refinement to our strategies and offerings; We also communicate consumer needs, princi
ples and designs through artifacts, presentations and prototypes to develop and influence meaningful brand strategies; Finally, we build internal trai
ning and development to enable our business to lead and inspire cross-functional teams to explore and understand our consumers’ experiences and unmet 
needs. Job Qualifications Skills/Qualifications: BA or MSc student in Human Factors, Anthropology, Cognitive Psychology, Cognitive Sciences, Human Cen
tered Design or similar field. Ph.D. considered a plus; Passionate, curious researcher with strong observational and analytical skills; Ability to del
iver sound, genuine insights and strategic recommendations against defined business objectives; Experience in a variety of methodologies, including qu
alitative (e.g. ethnography, consumer journeys, online consumer panels, IDIs, JTBD, metaphor elicitation) and quantitative (idea testing, implicit tes
ting and tracking) research; Experience partnering with third-party research agencies; Has exceptional written, visual and verbal communication skills
; A leader: you envision how things can get better, set the direction, enroll others to get there and energize others until your vision becomes realit
y; Is creative; finds that unique viewpoint to solve problems; Has the ability to contribute and influence across levels and functions; Is able and wi
lling to travel; For local market roles, related language skills may be required. You probably have an even better chance if you have: Experience tran
slating business questions into appropriately scoped and resourced research plans; Demonstrated skills in data visualization and/or graphic design and
 excellence in storytelling. What’s in it for you: Experience the real corporate environment. Our internships give students an intensive immersion in 
a dynamic, international, diverse and flexible work environment. Be a project leader. Interns are entrusted with a live business project to lead, own 
and perform as of the first day. Most exciting of all: is that a successful completion of the internship may lead to a permanent position in our Organ
ization. Competitive compensation Housing support: we provide you with a furbished accommodation in Geneva at a convenient rate, co-located with many 
other interns/new hires (applicable only if you currently live >75km from Geneva). Round trip ticket to Geneva, subsidized meals in our canteen, free 
public transport in Geneva, on-site gym, company store, on-site hair salon, sports teams and “new-hire network” are among the many benefits. We are an
 equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, color, gender, age, n
ational origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, citizenship, disability or any other legally protected fa
ctor. We value flexibility and life balance and we have tools and policies ensuring our people feel part of an inclusive community. Due to legal restr
ictions, immigration sponsorship is available only for EU/EFTA nationalities. All candidates with non – EU/EFTA nationalities are encouraged to check 
out opportunities in countries where they can obtain a work permit. Job Schedule Full time Job Number R000091837 Job Segmentation Internships (Job Seg
mentation) BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Development Manager BtoG Indonesia (100%)JANZZ AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:ZürichBusiness Development Manager BtoG Indonesia (100%) who wants to play a central role within an emerging start-up. As a business development, sal
es and customer integration guru, you will support the organization with complex processes and activities of the various JANZZ.technology teams and in
itiatives in Switzerland and in Indonesia. You are flexible, attentive, precise, communicative and recognize a problem before it becomes one. You have
 proven experience in selling highly complex solutions, preferably in the IT and/or the government digitalization industry, a strong interest in cutti
ng edge technologies, you are (preferably) a true Digital Native and thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced start-up environment. You have detailed knowle
dge about what it takes to coordinate, manage and drive sales and customer integration in a fast-growing and worldwide operating start-up. You will ma
ster your core tasks easily and with excellent quality, while also taking on new projects that will move JANZZ.technology (and your career!) forward. 
Qualifications Minimum of a BA/BS in Political Science, Marketing, Language/Linguistics, Education or Engineering Background in Data Science, AI/ML or
 highly complex IT solutions, preferrable from the Universitas Gadjah Mada (UGM) Preferably a Digital Native with a passion for new technological deve
lopments. Three to five years’ experience in making the impossible possible (e.g. in connection with business development, sales, operational processe
s, process design, project management, RFPs/public Tenders and customer integration), experience with either cloud services, software or HR-Tech and B
toG in the Indonesian Market. Excellent Business development and Sales Skills with a highly developed and systematic self-organization in a similar in
dustry and/or international environment and a strong and reliable network of high-level contacts with national and provincial governments, public orga
nizations and private associations such as Kadin, press and media and other stakeholders across the Indonesian market. Independent working style as we
ll as a high level of self-initiative, composure and confident handling of ambiguities. Team player with the ability to work across departments. Abili
ty to set priorities and manage projects in an extremely fast-moving and challenging environment. Excellent written and oral communication skills in p
erfect Bahasa Indonesia (essential), preferably bi-lingual or mother tongue Bahasa Indonesia and English and with at least a third language like Spani
sh, French, Chinese, Arabic or German. Attention to detail and strong organizational skills. Competent use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoin
t) Willing to commit to frequent travel and longer, very intensive working visits to Indonesia and the different Islands and provinces. Tasks and Resp
onsibilities Responsibility for all business development and sales activities and handling of demanding customer inquiries with the Indonesia Governme
nt and various Ministries and authorities as well as with organizations such as Kadin, universities, etc. Business development, sales, planning, organ
ization and implementation of long-term, highly complex IT projects and services with a strong focus on XAI-based labor market management systems. Pre
paration and coordination of presentations, sales pitches, RFPs/Tenders, demonstrations, and live events (conferences, trade fairs, etc.) Participatio
n in the content development for all sales channels, corporate communications and public relations. Close cooperation with management, development tea
ms and customers. Market research in the areas of labor market and HR-Tech, semantic web, machine learning and AI. Participation in the further develo
pment of the business cases and products of JANZZ.technology. Available: Immediately or by agreement Place of work: Zurich Wollishofen (Switzerland) o
r partly remote e.g. from Indonesia (max 25% of the working time) Swiss/European citizenship or work permit required We look forward to hearing from y
ou and receiving a detailed electronic application. Please note that we only consider direct applications to E-Mail schreiben. BewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


Machine Learning / AI Intern (f/m/x) 80-100% for 4-6 weekscomparis.ch AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:ZürichMachine Learning / AI Intern (f/m/x) 80-100% for 4-6 weeksÜber uns    Was du bei uns bewegen wirst    About us    What you will
 do   We’re looking for an open and passionate individual to join our data team. As a Machine Learning / AI Intern, you will have an exciting 4-6 week
 journey, ideally between August 1st and September 30th, where you will gain insights into what we do and how we do it. You will have the opportunity 
to challenge ideas, contribute with your own ideas, and ideally support the development of new solutions. Additionally, you will have the chance to re
fine Generative models and play a role in shaping the adoption of AI tools across the company. Your impactful work will help empower Swiss consumers i
n making informed decisions. In detail, you will be responsible for:   Assisting in the development of machine learning models, with a focus on Genera
tive AI. This will involve working on various use cases and helping to implement and improve machine learning algorithms.   Contributing to the creati
on of training datasets by performing exploratory analysis, selecting and preparing the data for machine learning purposes. This will involve cleaning
 and organising the data to ensure its quality and suitability for model training    Your new team    Must haves    Nice to haves    Was wir dafür von
 dir erwarten    Was du dafür mitbringst    What we expect from you     Creativity and curiosity for data-driven innovation in an online environment. 
Ability to apply data modelling, statistics and machine-learning to delight our users and solve business problems in the fields of personal finances a
nd marketplaces   Currently pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, data science, or a related field.    Knowledge/understanding
 in at least one programming language (e.g. Python, Scala, Java).    Interest in working with foundation models (e.g. LLMs, multimodal models). Practi
cal experience with tools like Python scikit-learn, LLMs deployment or fine-tuning is a plus.    Ideally, you could also participate in an AI Hackatho
n together with other students within the first week of the internship. Although the details of the hackathon are still being defined, we can assure y
ou that it will be a rewarding experience filled with valuable insights. There will be great prices for the winners and you will also have the opportu
nity to explore and develop the ideas from the hackathon throughout the duration of the internship    Fluent in English    Dein neues Team     Unsere 
Benefits    Our Benefits    Dafür kannst du Folgendes von uns erwarten    In return, here is what you can expect from us At Comparis, we believe that 
empowered employees deliver the best results. We cultivate a culture of transparency, mutual respect and trust. Firm believers in lifelong learning, w
e are always trying out new things and continuously developing – both as individuals and as a team. We also offer flat hierarchies, considerable auton
omy and creative freedom, as well as a skilled and motivated team that will advise and support you in your work and make it easy for you to push your 
own boundaries. Finally, we offer flexible working hours to work from wherever you are and live. This internship will provide you with valuable hands-
on experience in machine learning, data analysis, and visualisation. Your contributions will directly impact and enhance our projects. If you are eage
r to learn and have a passion for data-driven solutions, we would love to have you as part of our team!  Überzeugt?    Have we triggered your interest
?   Then don't hesitate and apply for our position today, by using the following link. If you have any questions, Daphne, our People Business Partner,
 will be happy to help. We look forward to receiving your application!  Note: This internship can be done in a fully remote set-up, max. time zone dif
ference of +/- 2 hours from Switzerland (GMT +2) or onsite in Switzerland. In case of a fully remote set-up, please note that the employment will be t
hrough our Employer of Record partner, remote.com, and accordingly, it will comply with the labour laws and conditions of the respective country. If y
ou come to Switzerland from abroad for this internship, Comparis will support you with organising and financing your travels and stay.   Noch allgemei
ne Fragen? Kontaktcomparis.ch AG(13)7 Jobshttps://www.comparis.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Watches Supply Chain Planning ManagerG. et F. Châtelain, succursale de Chanel SARLBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:GENEVE CORPWatches Supply Chain Planning Manager  Au sein de la Direction des Opérations de la division Horlogerie Joaillerie, ra
ttaché(e) à la direction Supply Chain, vous êtes en charge de la planification des montres. Dans un contexte de développement des Opérations, vous jou
ez un rôle essentiel en pilotant les prévisions de ventes, les objectifs de stock et la fiabilisation des plans de production. Vous prenez part à un p
rojet de transformation des opérations visant l’excellence opérationnelle.     Vous encadrez une équipe dynamique et motivée par les challenges de 4 p
ersonnes, en charge du demand planning, de la distribution et des plans de production,  ainsi que des projets d’amélioration pour l’Horlogerie, la Hau
te Horlogerie et les pièces détachées.     Vos rôles et missions sont les suivants :   Avec le Demand Planning, vous développez la construction scénar
isée des ambitions de ventes à moyen long terme et animez la communauté des régions :   En collaboration avec le marketing horlogerie vous définissez 
la construction des prévisions de ventes moyen et long terme prenant en compte les plans de nouveautés. Vous traduisez les ambitions long terme auprès
 du marketing pour les accompagner dans la construction et l’évolution de l’offre. Avec le demand planner, vous développez le pilotage de la fcst accu
racy division et marchés, tout en définissant les bons niveaux de partage, analyse et challenge et en contribuant à enrichir les échanges avec les rég
ions. Vous animez le pilotage de performance des assortiments afin de proposer des guidelines par réseau de distribution.  Vous êtes responsable du ni
veau et de la qualité du stock mondial :  Avec les planificateurs, vous êtes garants du dimensionnement end-to-end et de la qualité des stocks : depui
s les boutiques jusqu’aux buffers manufacture. Vous mettez en place les outils et les instances de pilotage de la performance des stocks : FullFilment
, Rebalancing, Evolution… Vous définissez les paramètres et les règles de distribution, notamment pour les éditions limitées et le réseau wholesale. V
ous optimisez les niveaux de stock des références en rupture ou surstock et votre communication est un atout reconnu dans de telles situations  Vous ê
tes en charge de coordonner l’expression du besoin de production des produits finis d’Horlogerie, de Haute Horlogerie et de pièces détachées :    Vous
 êtes garant des paramètres de calcul du besoin de production, et vous communiquez une vision moyen terme et long terme scénarisée à la manufacture in
terne. Vous contribuez aux revues mensuelles PDP avec la manufacture et vous partagez les arbitrages à prendre aux directions supply Afin de communiqu
er des prévisions de livraisons fiables aux marchés, vous pilotez les plans de livraison avec la manufacture et mesurez l’évolution du taux de service
. En vous appuyant sur votre maîtrise des flux Supply Chain, vous identifiez et mettez en place collaborativement avec la manufacture les évolutions :
 réduction des lead time, fiabilisation des prévisions de besoins, flexibilité…   Vous participez aux échanges avec l’équipe Machine Learning pour éme
ttre un besoin métier clair sur les différents sujets de planification, pouvant être adressé par l’équipe Data Science et vous contribuez aux analyses
 des propositions d’évolutions des algorithmes.   Vous êtes responsable de la planification de la Haute Horlogerie :   En collaboration avec le High E
nd Business Development vous traduisez les ambitions de ventes et d’assortiment en plan de besoin long terme Vous partagez les besoins avec la manufac
ture et vous mettez en place les instances de planification collaborative selon les priorités Vous participez à la séance charge capacité pour les mou
vements manufacture afin d'arbitrer et d'optimiser les livraisons des produits finis Vous prenez les décisions d’arbitrage et vous partagez la visibil
ité des livraisons Afin d’augmenter le taux de service, vous identifiez les plans d’action avec chaque équipe.  En collaboration avec les équipes dédi
ées à Watches & Wonders, vous coordonnez la mise à disposition des Nouveautés pour le salon.   Vous accompagnez et vous encadrez les model builders An
aplan de votre équipe pour les différents projets Supply Chain permettant une meilleure efficacité opérationnelle notamment le projet de planification
 des pièces détachées.   Vous animez mensuellement les comités opérations Horlogerie et Haute Horlogerie pour partager les évolutions de performance d
e ventes, d’assortiment, les enjeux autour des nouveaux lancements, et les projections ventes, stock et production moyen terme.  Vous êtes en relation
 étroite avec les équipes Marketing, Supply Chain Joaillerie, les régions, et les équipes de la manufacture (planification, développement, administrat
ion des ventes…) BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning Data Scientist (80% - 100%)Evulpo AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 September 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:ZürichMachine Learning Data Scientist (80% - 100%)The mission Are you a talented Machine Learning Data Scientist with a passion for understanding us
er behaviors and preferences? Do you find thrill in deciphering vast datasets, unearthing patterns, and translating them into actionable insights? We 
invite you to be a driving force in our team as a Machine Learning Data Scientist, driving insights from user data that will steer the evolution of ou
r platform. This is not just a job; it's an opportunity to revolutionize the way education adapts to its users. Embrace the challenge and be the beaco
n that guides our educational transformation. Responsibilities The Machine Learning Data Scientist will be an integral part of our dynamic start-up te
am in the Ed-Tech industry. They will drive the development of AI-powered tools to analyze user behavioral and transactional data. The candidate will 
be at the forefront of creating and optimizing models that ensure innovative and effective learning experiences in line with the curriculum. Your resp
onsibilities include: Data Handling & Model Development: Gather, preprocess, and analyze data to understand key patterns and trends. Develop, train, a
nd test machine learning models to improve content delivery, personalization, and user engagement. Collaboration: Work closely with the Product and Co
ntent team to understand specific user behavioral data and nuances of the curriculum. Collaborate with the engineering team to integrate machine learn
ing models into our platform. Evaluation & Optimization: Monitor the performance of machine learning models in real-world scenarios. Continuously refi
ne and optimize models based on feedback and changing requirements. Research & Innovation: Stay updated with the latest trends and breakthroughs in ma
chine learning and Ed-Tech. Propose and test new algorithms or techniques that can improve learning experiences. Documentation: Document processes, mo
dels, and results for transparency and reproducibility. Provide actionable insights and recommendations based on data analysis to the product and cont
ent teams. Requirements Education: Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, or a related field. Experience: Mini
mum of 2 years of hands-on experience in building and deploying machine learning models. Technical Proficiency: Strong proficiency in Python and its m
achine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, Keras, or Scikit-learn. Data Skills: Expertise in data preprocessing, feature engineering, and data visu
alization. Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Communication: Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.
 Nice-To-Haves Ed-Tech Experience: Prior experience in the Ed-Tech industry or a deep understanding of educational pedagogies and curriculum. Big Data
 Technologies: Experience with big data technologies like Spark or Hadoop. Deployment: Familiarity with deploying machine learning models in real-worl
d, production environments, experience in cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP is a plus. Soft Skills: Ability to work in a fast-paced start-up env
ironment, flexibility to adapt, and a strong team player. Multilingual: Proficiency in one or more European languages apart from English. Offer Join a
n EdTech pioneer that's reshaping the landscape of education. Collaborative and inclusive environment that values innovation and diverse perspectives.
 Opportunities for skill development and professional growth. Competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits. Become part of a mission-dr
iven team working towards a brighter future. If you're passionate about harnessing the power of data to revolutionize the field of education, we encou
rage you to apply. Share your resume and a cover letter detailing your relevant experience and your enthusiasm for our mission. Join us in constructin
g a data-driven future of learning. Auf diese Stelle bewerben About usAlways. Everywhere. At the push of a button.  evulpo is a learning platform for 
all students aged 9-19 and already offers explanatory videos, summaries and practice units for English, Maths, and Science topics in other European co
untries. The team of this young startup is committed to changing the world of international education for the long term: All students - regardless of 
background - should not only have the same right but also the same access to education.       Why do we want that? Everyone has the right to education
", says the 26th article of human rights. Well said... the problem is that while everyone has the same right to education, not everyone has the same a
ccess to education. Some have good teachers. Others don't. Some have older siblings. Others don't. Some have money for tutoring. Others don't. Auf die
se Stelle bewerben KontaktEvulpo AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.evulpo.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Project Manager 80 - 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernProject Man
ager 80 - 100 %University of Bern and University Hospital Bern, Department of Diabetes, Endocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism (UDEM)Start
 of employment: 01.06.2024 or by agreementEmployment is fixed term for 1 year.PrecisionLab, led by Prof. Jose Garcia-Tirado, aims to develop new techn
ology for managing diabetes and metabolic disorders through novel digital interventions such as advanced decision-support tools and automated insulin 
delivery.  Project Manager    Job purpose and responsibilities The Precision Metabolic Medicine Network (PM2N) is a joint venture between the Universi
ty of Bern (Switzerland) and McGill University (Canada) to foster the implementation of advanced predictive digital tools and therapeutics for metabol
ic disorders. In this position, the selected person will oversee the planning, execution, and management of the network and take care of the nested ac
ademic projects and initiatives that contribute to advancing research, education, and collaboration within the involved academic community. The plan i
s to make this partnership sustainable and, in due time, to expand to other disease areas and health sciences.  Key responsibilities:  Plan and execut
e the network's core mission: Develop project plans, timelines, and milestones in collaboration with the network stakeholders. Plan, track, and docume
nt project meetings (minutes). Resource management: Manage resources, including funding, personnel, and equipment to support the core network activiti
es. Stakeholder engagement: Facilitate communication and collaboration between partners and collaborators, academic institutions, funding agencies, an
d other stakeholders to align goals and expectations. Oversee the network's communication strategy through the dedicated website and additional commun
ication channels. Budget administration: Oversee project budgets and expenditures. Support the budgeting for project proposals. Monitoring and evaluat
ion: Monitor the progress and performance of the main initiatives within the network. Documentation and reporting: Maintain comprehensive project docu
mentation, including reports, proposals, and other relevant materials. Provide regular updates to the principal investigators. Identify grant opportun
ities and collaborate with stakeholders in supporting grant applications. Design and support the network's crowdfunding initiatives.     Requirements 
  Proficiency in management software such as Jira/Confluence or similar. Familiarity with tools like MS Teams or Slack to establish timely stakeholder
 communication. Outstanding presentation skills. Seasoned in document management within OneDrive or Google Drive. Familiarity with survey and research
 tools like RedCap and Qualtrics is an asset. Fully proficient in written and spoken German and English. Proficiency in French is an asset. Highly eff
ective organizational and communication skills. Ability to plan, identify risks, anticipate issues and outcomes, and respond strategically, tactically
, and operationally while balancing short-term and long-term objectives.   Experience:  A master's in Life Sciences, business administration, manageme
nt, or a related field with at least 5 years of experience in similar roles. Years of experience may be considered in lieu of education. Knowledge of 
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) and regulatory processes within Switzerland and the EU is an asset. Experience in projects involving data sciences applie
d to health and medicine is an asset.     We offer   We provide excellent scientific expertise in a dynamic environment and support a career focusing 
on translational research. Our algorithms are designed to be tested in the clinic after a careful regulatory process. A friendly, stimulating, interna
tional, and multidisciplinary environment. A workplace in Bern, Switzerland's capital, known for its high quality of life and surrounded by beautiful 
nature, perfect for hiking, biking, swimming, and winter sports. A competitive salary (based on experience).   Diversity & Inclusion: Diversity & Incl
usion (D&I) at PrecisionLab aims at enhancing the Lab's mission of reducing disease burden and improving glucose control in people with insulin-depend
ent diabetes by creating a workforce with a shared appreciation for diversity, raising awareness around inclusiveness, and fostering a sense of belong
ing and appreciation for all members of our community.  Equal employment opportunity: PrecisionLab at the University of Bern is an equal opportunity e
mployer for women and individuals with disabilities and/or diverse backgrounds (race/ethnicity, sexual orientation, etc.). It actively seeks diversity
 among collaborators.   Application and contact For subject-specific questions and information about the position, please contact E-Mail schreiben.Kon
taktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Power Controls & Information Systems Engineer (m/f/d)Procter & Gamble Europe SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:GrossPower Controls & Information Systems Engineer (m/f/d)We’re the world’s largest consumer goods company and home to iconic, truste
d brands that make life a little bit easier in small but meaningful ways. Learn more about our company. Power Controls & Information Systems Engineer 
(m/f/d) Email this job to Success! Failure! Get notified for similar jobs Success! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs Failure! Get tailored job 
recommendations based on your interests. Profile recommendations Similar Jobs     Dual Study Electrical Engineering Degree Program with focus on Infot
ronics (m/f/d) Location Wallduern, Baden-Wurttemberg, Germany Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000085426 Job Type Full time Intern
ships Job LocationWallduernJob DescriptionAt our competence and technology site in Walldürn, Germany, we produce Braun brand foil shavers and epilator
s. From here, we supply the entire global market with pr     Process Engineer (m/f/d) Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000095598 J
ob Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Location. Euskirchen. Job Description. YOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER. From its foundation 185 years ago as a soa
p and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconic, trusted...     Production / Engineering - Internship / Th
esis (m/f/d) Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000095597 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationEuskirchenJob DescriptionYOUR F
UTURE EMPLOYER:From its foundation 185 years ago as a soap and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconic, 
trusted     Engineer Apprentice IT Development (M/F/X) Location Blois, Loir-et-Cher, France Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R00010
3888 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationBloisJob DescriptionWe produce high-quality products and need to do so timely and at a low cost. We va
lue your creativity and skill in analyzing and solving complex problems. From the begi     Digital Transformation Engineer (m/f/d) Location Euskirchen
, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000099000 Job Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Locat
ionEuskirchenJob DescriptionAre you ready to embark on a transformative journey where you'll combine the powers of digital technologies, data science,
 and leadership to shape the future of ma     Mechatronics Technician (m/f/d) Location Euskirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany Category Manufactur
ing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000079017 Job Type Full time Plant Technicians Job LocationEuskirchenJob DescriptionProcter & Gamble is one of the l
eading consumer goods companies with 101,000 employees worldwide and sales of $76.1 billion. Founded 185 years ago as a soap and ca     Cyber Security
 apprenticeship F/M/X Location Amiens, Somme, France Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000102267 Job Type Full time Internships Job
 LocationAmiensJob DescriptionProcter & Gamble Amiens plant, located in the Somme department, is the largest P&G production site in Europe and the 2nd
 largest in the world. We are specialized in th     ENGINEER IT, NETWORK, DIGITAL F/M/X Location Blois, Loir-et-Cher, France Category Manufacturing an
d Quality Assurance Job Id R000091838 Job Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job LocationBloisJob DescriptionThe Procter & Gamble factory in Bloi
s, located in Loir-et-Cher, is one of the most important production sites for group shampoos. Every day, we produce more than 2 mill     Process Engin
eer – Spittal-an-der-Drau (m/f/d) Location Spittal A.D. Drau, Carinthia, Austria Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance Job Id R000104409 Job Ty
pe Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Location. Spittal A.D. Drau. Job Description. Are you looking to launch an exciting technical career? Are yo
u ready to sustainably create technical solutions to support the production operation of... Jobseekers Also Viewed     DUAL STUDY DHBW IT Information 
Technology DHBW Mosbach (F/M/D) Start Sept. 1st 2024 Location Kronberg, Hesse, Germany Category Human Resources     Digital Transformation Engineer (m
/f/d) Location Euskirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany Category Manufacturing and Quality Assurance     Process Engineer (m/f/d) Category Manufact
uring and Quality Assurance     Mechanical Engineering Manager (m/w/d) Location Euskirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany Category Engineering     P
roject Architect and Design Manager (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Brand Management/Marketing Email this Job Success! 
Failure! Learn More About Our Company P&G wants to make life better for our team, and we do that through great benefits. Learn how our meaningful work
 is making life better for customers and communities everywhere. We build leaders from Day 1. Find out how.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Systems Engineer Remote AccessOpen Systems AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSe
nior Systems Engineer Remote AccessAre you an experienced Senior Systems/Software Engineer with a passion for networking? Join our team and help us bu
ild cutting-edge remote access infrastructure to ensure seamless connectivity and secure remote work capabilities for our customers.    Senior Systems
 Engineer Remote Access    Your Mission:    As a Senior Systems/Software Engineer Remote Access you will work on improving our Remote Access services 
that include a Client VPN as well as a ZTNA solution. The Client VPN solution is deployed at scale gloabbly and has proven itself as a valuable servic
e to connect remote users to their cooperate network. Our ZTNA service is the new kid on the block; it uses the priniciple of Zero Trust to provide fi
ne-grained access to applications in a granular way.    You will be involved in projects from their concept phase all the way through to deployment an
d operations. As part of a highly-skilled engineering team you will work in the following areas: Integration of OEM software into the Open Systems SAS
E platform with 10'000+ deployments worldwide. These deployments are on servers in our customers' premises, in our customers' cloud and our own k8s ba
sed cloud. Deep understanding of the OEM software and a responsibility to constantly improve it by a close collaboration with the vendor. Build a serv
ice around the OEM software including deployment, configuration management, tooling and monitoring. Write documentation for operations as well as educ
ation. In addition to your work in a Development team, you will become certified as a Mission Control Engineer, providing you with knowledge in a wide
 range of networking and security topics. This will also give you the opportunity to visit our Network Operations Center in Honolulu (Hawaii, USA) for
 3-month deployments.     Your Qualifications:    For this position, we are looking for candidates who are passionate about networks, automation, and 
complex problem-solving. Higher education (university) with a degree in Computer Science or a related field 5+ years of work experience in a related f
ield Experience with networking technologies and protocols (e.g. dynamic routing, firewalling, TCP/IP, ...) Experience with Linux or UNIX-based operat
ing systems Experience in software engineering with scripting languages (e.g. Bash, Perl, Python) and a compiled language (e.g. Go, C#, C++) Proficien
cy in English Bonus Skills: Practical experience in Go, Python, Perl or Bash Expertise with authentication protocols like OAuth2, SAML, OpenID, LDAP E
xpertise in Cisco AnyConnect / ASA products Knowledge of network security concepts and practices Knowledge of software and system testing practices Fa
miliarity with agile development cycles What we offer:    Want to join a crazy good cybersecurity team? You’ll be among people who believe in:    Cari
ng PASSIONATELY about keeping our customers safe – We’re dedicated to solving problems. Whatever it takes.    Thinking UNCONVENTIONALLY to stay ahead 
– The world never fails to surprise us. So let’s surprise it first.    Doing the hard work to make things SIMPLE – Craft and hone something that delig
hts in its simplicity.    Working COLLABORATIVELY to build success – The power of the team will always make us faster and better.    As a testament to
 this, Open Systems has been recognized as an outstanding place to work. You’ll be surrounded by smart teams who enrich your experience and provide op
portunities you will need to develop your skills and advance your career.     We look forward to receiving your online application (please note that y
ou have to compress your application into two attachments).    Come as you are! We search for amazing people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abil
ities, and perspectives. Open Systems welcomes and encourages diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation
, disability, or veteran status.  Direct applications only will be considered.     About Open Systems    Open Systems delivers cybersecurity beyond ex
pectations. We partner with organizations to boost the security performance of their digital transformations. Our award-winning Managed Detection and 
Response (MDR) and Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) services connect and protect customers today, while increasing their security maturity for tomorr
ow.   Open Systems’ Mission Control SOCs and NOCs are staffed by certified, outcome-obsessed engineers who provide 24x7 global coverage. They leverage
 a platform backed by data science and years of fine-tuning complex processes to better understand and reduce attack surfaces. Our deep expertise as a
 5-time Microsoft Gold Partner accelerates and simplifies the path to security maturity by unlocking the value of existing investments in Microsoft se
curity tools.    Deployed in nearly 10,000 locations across 184 countries, Open Systems has earned an out of this world 97% retention rate. No wonder 
our customers call it crazy good cybersecurity.    Discover more at www.open-systems.com.      #LI-BD2 KontaktOpen Systems AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


PhD Positions on the Application of Generative AI in Customer ServiceETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Positions on the Application of Generative AI in Customer ServicePhD Positions on the Application of Generative AI in Cus
tomer Service 100%, Zurich, fixed-term At the Chair of Technology Marketing, we stand at the forefront of exploring the transformative potential of ge
nerative AI in revolutionizing customer service interactions. Building on our momentum in generative AI research, our latest initiative explores the i
nterplay between generative chatbots and human service agents, aiming to assess their impacts on customer satisfaction and communication strategies. T
his ambitious project invites passionate PhD candidates to contribute to pioneering studies that merge theoretical insights with practical application
s, marking a significant impact on the future of digital marketing and customer engagement. As part of our commitment to advancing the field of genera
tive AI, your involvement will be key to driving the next generation of research in this dynamic area. Research can build to the chair’s extensive tra
ck record in the field of Data Science and Chatbots and its recent investments in GPU infrastructure. The focus of the positions is on research, aimin
g at publications in leading international journals. The starting date is flexible. Applications will be accepted until the positions are filled. For 
further information please refer to Sebastian Tillmanns. Project background The research focuses on comparing generative chatbots and human interactio
ns to identify optimal customer service practices. Emphasizing the advanced capabilities of generative chatbots, the project investigates their potent
ial in providing personalized, empathetic, and efficient customer experiences. Through extensive empirical studies, including controlled experiments a
nd real-world application analyses, our research will provide actionable insights into enhancing chatbot design and interaction strategies, ultimately
 aiming to elevate customer satisfaction across digital platforms. Job description Selected candidates will engage in groundbreaking research, contrib
uting to publications in top-tier journals. Responsibilities include handling generative chatbot models, analyzing customer interaction data, and expl
oring innovative chatbot applications in customer service. Additionally, PhD students will assist in teaching and administrative duties, enriching the
ir academic and professional skills. Your profile  Educational Background: Applicants must possess a Master of Science (MSc), Master of Arts (MA), or 
Master of Philosophy (MPhil) degree in business administration, computer science, or related fields. This includes, but is not limited to, psychology,
 mathematics, engineering, physics, or statistics. Geographical Eligibility: We are seeking candidates who are currently residing in Europe. Research 
Interest: A keen interest in experimental research is vital. Organizational Skills: Candidates should exhibit excellent organizational skills, includi
ng the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks effectively. Communication Proficiency: Strong communication and writing skills in English are 
required, enabling effective collaboration and the preparation of scientific publications and reports. Language Requirement: Fluency in both spoken an
d written English is mandatory. Personal Attributes: The ideal candidate will take initiative, be results-oriented, organized, and demonstrate creativ
ity in problem-solving.  Applications from members of underrepresented groups in academia are specifically encouraged. Your workplace Your workplace W
e offer ETH Zurich's Chair of Technology Marketing, renowned for its collaboration with industry leaders and research institutions globally, provides 
an unparalleled platform for aspiring researchers. Our work is deeply rooted in ETH's commitment to acting responsibly and innovating for societal ben
efit, reflecting a drive to question the status quo and explore groundbreaking solutions in the realm of generative AI. With an ambitious agenda, our 
team is dedicated to excellence, contributing to esteemed journals and fostering a culture of inclusivity and well-being. We offer competitive one-yea
r contracts, extendable to six years, complemented by generous travel and research allowances. Furthermore, new team members can count on the unwaveri
ng support and rich experience of our dedicated team members in navigating the complexities of generative AI projects. In addition, we're investing su
bstantially in GPU infrastructure to spearhead advancements in LLM training and inference, ensuring our researchers have access to state-of-the-art re
sources. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Cover letter motiv
ating your interest in the position CV University diplomas and transcripts  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our 
online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to r
eceiving your online application with the following documents:  Cover letter motivating your interest in the position CV University diplomas and trans
cripts  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services
 will not be considered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior* Global Program Clinical Head **80-100%Novartis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:BaselSenior* Global Program Clinical Head **80-100% About the Role 13! The number of medicines Cardio Renal Metabolic (CRM) diseases currently in de
velopment at Novartis.Novartis is deeply committed to transforming the lives of people living with cardiovascular, renal and metabolic diseases. We be
lieve that anyone living with these conditions has the right to a life free from pain, free from symptoms and free from disease - this is our vision f
or the future.Our mission is to reimagine medicine to extend and improve people’s lives – and our overall company strategy to achieve this is to Focus
 Novartis as a leading medicine company powered by data science and advanced therapy platformsThe (Sr)* Global Program Clinical Head (GPCH) is the glo
bal clinical leader responsible for one or more clinical programs across indications, involving one or multiple compounds.As the leader of Global Clin
ical Team(s) (GCT), the GPCH is accountable for the design, implementation, and execution of a clinical development program(s) to support decision mil
estones, regulatory requirements, market access and owns the risk benefit-assessment for the program(s). The GCPH contributes to the disease area stra
tegy.Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to:• Leading the GCT and representing Clinical Development on the Global Program Team (GPT)• L
eading the creation of clinical components of key documents (e.g., Clinical Trial Protocols (CTPs), Investigator’s Brochures, Clinical Study Reports (
CSRs), regulatory documents including maintenance of product licenses, registration dossiers, value dossiers, pharmaco-economic dossiers) with high qu
ality and consistency with Integrated Development Plan (IDP) and Target Product Profile (TPP). Supports registration, market access, commercialization
, and maintenance of product licenses (e.g., Core Data Sheet, Periodic Safety Update Report, clinical benefit-risk assessment for license renewals) fo
r the compound(s)• May serve as the Clinical Development Representative on NIBR clinical/project teams to drive transition of pre-PoC (Proof of Concep
t) projects to Development Decision Point (DDP)• Post-DDP, leading the development and execution of the clinical strategy. Developing an endorsed (IDP
) in line with the Target Product Profile (TPP) which is designed for successful global regulatory approval/market access for one or multiple treatmen
t indications and/or multiple programs• Where applicable, supporting Business Development & Licensing (BD&L) activities     Role Requirements  • MD or
 equivalent (preferred), PhD, or PharmD degree required, specialization in a subspecialty may be needed.Advanced clinical training/knowledge in diseas
e area (renal) preferred with 6 years (MD or equivalent)• 10 years (PhD or PharmD) of involvement in clinical research or drug development in an indus
try environment spanning clinical activities in Phases I through III/IV, including submission dossiers• Advanced knowledge of assigned therapeutic are
a preferred, with the capability to innovate in clinical development study designs that provide relevant evidence to decision-makers, and to interpret
, discuss and present clinical trial or section program level data• 5 years people management experience required; this may include management in a ma
trix environment• Thorough knowledge of Good Clinical Practice, clinical trial design, statistics, and regulatory/clinical development process• Experi
ence with submissions and health authorities required.* Final job title (Senior GPCH, Band 2 / GPCH, Band 2) and associated responsibilities will be c
ommensurate with the successful candidates’ level of expertise.**some restrictions to flexible working models may apply and will be discussed at inter
view if applicable Why consider Novartis?236 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2022. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this 
world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives
?We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where y
ou’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re sur
rounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. Imagine what you could do at Novartis! Commitment to
 Diversity & Inclusion:Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the
 patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers
 our people to unleash their full potential. Join our Novartis Network: If this role is not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish t
o stay connected to learn more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Novartis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network
      Why Novartis: Helping people with disease and their families takes more than innovative science. It takes a community of smart, passionate peopl
e like you. Collaborating, supporting and inspiring each other. Combining to achieve breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Ready to create a brig
hter future together? https://www.novartis.com/about/strategy/people-and-culture   Join our Novartis Network: Not the right Novartis role for you? Sig
n up to our talent community to stay connected and learn about suitable career opportunities as soon as they come up: https://talentnetwork.novartis.c
om/network(link is external) KontaktNovartis Pharma AG(4)20 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Originator - Parametric Climate and NatCat (80-100%)CelsiusPro AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 November 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festa
nstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Originator - Parametric Climate and NatCat (80-100%)London, United KingdomPrintSenior Originator - Parametric Climate
 and NatCat80-100% We are the CelsiusPro Group, an award-winning insurtech group dedicated to helping both private and public organisations to underst
and and mitigate the adverse financial impact of climate and NatCat risks. As the challenges posed by climate change intensify, our mission is to brin
g parametric insurance from the fringes to centre stage. Through CelsiusPro, we develop cutting-edge technology for managing parametric insurance. We 
collaborate with clients in designing and structuring tailored parametric solutions combining risk management, data science, and risk modelling. Our c
limate risk consulting services round our holistic solutions suite. Business is underwritten by NatCatPro, utilizing our proprietary technology platfo
rm. We partner with insurance brokers to serve corporates and public-sector organisations seeking financial coverage against climate and NatCat perils
. With Global Parametrics, we expand our disaster risk management response capabilities by incorporating the risk capacity of the Natural Disaster Fun
d (NDF), a public-private partnership with capital committed by UK and German government agencies and backed by Hannover Re. Our corporate culture thr
ives on core values of simplicity, sincerity, courage, and tenacity. We invite you to join us on this journey! The Sales and Business Development Team
 The Team provides risk management solutions and web-based platforms for corporations, insurers, brokers, governmental agencies, industry bodies, coop
eratives, and agribusiness companies to offer smart and cost-effective parametric products to clients. The Team further originates, mandates, and cons
ults private clients globally on climate, agriculture, and natural catastrophe insurance. The successful candidate will be a part of the Sales and Bus
iness Development team, reporting to the Head of Business Development. The position is full-time and will be based in London (UK) with travel for busi
ness development, client management and conferences globally. Your responsibilities: You actively originate, analyse, and assess submissions from clie
nts and brokers You drive global business expansion by gaining access and opening doors with a  particular focus on (re)insurance companies and broker
s. You make a strong contribution to reaching business development goals and targets through effective deal origination. You are actively involved in 
identifying key stakeholders from initial contact all the way through to deal closure. You support in optimizing workflows, assist with the enhancemen
t of internal processes and communication within the Business Development team and towards the Underwriting and R&D team. You build and maintain stron
g relationships with brokers and other distribution channels  with focus on the London (re)insurance market to enhance deal origination opportunities.
 You have sales responsibility for CelsiusPro Group risk transfer products, technology services for target sectors to close the protection gap. You cu
ltivate strong relationships with assigned key consulting accounts. Serve as the primary point of business contact for clients, understanding their un
ique needs, challenges, and goals, as well as communicating the market needs to Products and Technology teams. You identify and lead negotiations for 
upselling opportunities, ensuring that terms, pricing, and contractual agreements align with company objectives and policies. You have: Proven track r
ecord of experience in the (re)insurance industry and claiming an extensive network of Brokers contacts. At least 5 years of experience of building st
rong relationships with large corporate organisations and leveraging for value. Extensive working experience, with a focus on business development and
 climate and NatCat deal origination. Passionate and experienced in climate and NatCat related risks and the (re)insurance market in general. Proven t
enacity and perseverance in navigating external and internal stakeholders to overcome challenges in sales lifecycle of parametric (re)insurance transa
ctions. Proven ability to successfully bring transactions ‘over the finish line’. Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person or virtual me
etings with multiple  stakeholders. Ability to understand complex technical requirements and work with Product and R&D  teams to determine solutions f
or our clients. Demonstrated ability in recognizing current trends within the (re)insurance market and formulating tailored sales strategies that alig
n with market requirements. Proven ability to participate in complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements. Demonstrated quantitative a
nd analytical skills. University degree. Languages: Fluency in English. German and Spanish are assets. You are a strong team player with strong analyt
ical and inter-personal skills. You are solution and results oriented with the ability to manage multiple priorities and deliver in a structured and t
imely manner. You are comfortable working in a global team in different time zones and cultures. We offer a dynamic and international work environment
. If you are open to an exciting new challenge, please send us your application (motivation letter and CV) by email. Applications without motivation l
etters will not be considered. Contact: [email protected]. Candidates We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We offe
r a dynamic and international working environment linking climate change risks, index insurance, and reinsurance. CelsiusPro consists of a data-driven
, pragmatic, motivated, and talented team. Candidates must have Swiss, UK or EU citizenship; or Swiss or UK work permit. KontaktCelsiusPro AG(0)1 Jobh
ttps://www.celsiuspro.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Platforms OwnerZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichAI
 Platforms OwnerAI Platforms Owner A new adventure awaits… How does 5 weeks leave per year, an impactful career that you’ll truly love, and working fo
r a great organisation that empowers wellbeing sound like to you? At Zurich we’re on a journey towards a brighter future… A brighter future for you - 
focused on your career, your wellbeing, and your community - as well as our customers and the planet. This exciting adventure will drive positive impa
ct. So, if you want to be part of a values led organisation, that is a leader in the insurance industry with a track record of making a real differenc
e and continuously taking steps toward a sustainable future for our people, customers, communities, and our planet…read on! Let’s create a brighter fu
ture together, let’s make a difference Work is something you do, not only somewhere you go. The way we work continues to evolve and at Zurich we are c
ommitted to creating ways of working that ensure you are helping to create a brighter future. It’s important to know, what you do matters. As part of 
Zurich Australia’s focus on becoming the leading Digital insurer in Australia the Data, AI and Automation team is creating a new AI focused Platform t
eam to become the Centre of Excellence for AI solution & delivery supporting the enterprise as well as the market facing business lines across Life an
d General Insurance. The AI Platforms team will sit within the Data, AI and Automation Centre of Excellence, comprised of a multi-functional team to w
ork with Agile delivery squads across the organisation to deliver AI enabled solutions. The team is comprised of Data Scientists, ML Engineers, Servic
e/ Process Designers, Cloud Architects, Data & AI Governance. The AI Platforms team will be accountable for managing design, implementation of the tec
hnical environment which e2e AI enabled solutions are developed predominately in an AWS environment. The team will also be responsible for managing ou
r ML Ops framework and managing all run components of the environment. The AI Platforms team will engage and interact across all areas of the business
, Technology, and the Data function. The AI Platform Owner will be responsible for leading the development and implementation of AI platforms and capa
bilities within the Data, AI, and Automation Centre of Excellence. The AI Platform Owner will manage the technical environment, oversee the implementa
tion of AI solutions, and collaborate with cross-functional teams across the organization to deliver business and customer value. Important to your su
ccess - let's grow together Experience and Knowledge Required:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information systems, Data Science, 
or a related field Minimum of 7-10 years of experience in developing and implementing Data & ML platforms and capabilities Strong knowledge and prior 
experience with AWS services and infrastructure Experience with Snowflake or similar cloud native Data platforms Demonstrated experience or knowledge 
managing ML Ops frameworks Solid understanding of machine learning and intelligent automation technologies Experience working in Agile delivery enviro
nments, collaborating with cross-functional teams and business stakeholders Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.  You will ideal
ly have previous experience in the insurance or financial services industry, along with experience with other cloud platforms, such as Azure or Google
 Cloud Platform and knowledge of big data technologies. Preferably you have a strong background in cloud solution and application development and cert
ifications in AWS or other relevant AI platforms and technologies. Belong. Zurich is here to support you There are so many reasons why Zurich is a gre
at place to be, but here are just a few: 5 weeks leave per year for permanent staff through our new Z leave initiative, as well as 15 days personal/ca
rer’s leave (as we empower our people to manage their own wellbeing); Grow, and thrive in your career (we support and encourage it) with award winning
 training programs; Work with global, diverse, and inclusive teams; Explore your passions, fuel innovation, drive equity, collaborate and make a posit
ive difference beyond your role; Access programs to stay healthy and feel healthier along with receiving a AUD$500 wellbeing payment per year, plus a 
AUD$295 new starter e-voucher for your WFH set up (flex work - hybrid working), and other great benefits through our Shine portal; Access to Family Ca
re (parental leave); Volunteer; Work in our state-of-the-art Green Star rated offices (when you are in the office); and dress for your day. We also pl
ant a tree for every new employee – one of many local initiatives driving our contribution to ambitious global sustainability targets… …We could go on
, but the main point is that Zurich is a great place to be, where you can truly belong and thrive. Zurich is an equal opportunity employer. We are com
mitted to ensuring that our recruitment process is fair and accessible for all candidates. If you require any special accommodations to participate in
 our recruitment process, we encourage you to please let us know at the time of your application. So, if you want to come on an adventure that will bu
ild a brighter future together, and feel a sense of togetherness, then please apply today to start your adventure!KontaktZürich Versicherungs-Gesellsc
haft AG / Zurich Insurance Company Ltd / Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SA(6)178 Jobshttps://www.zurich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead, Global RisksFORUM MONDIAL DE L'ECONOMIEBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfLead, Global
 Risks  (maternity cover, May 2024 to January 2025, Geneva based)    The World Economic Forum, committed to improving the state of the world, is the i
nternational organization for public-private cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business, cultural and other leaders of society to
 shape global, regional and industry agendas.    Why we are recruiting     The Centre for the New Economy and Society provides a trusted platform to b
uild prosperous, innovative and resilient economies that create opportunities for all. It enables leaders to understand, shape and navigate a new soci
al and economic context through insights, action and dialogue for:   Fostering economic growth and risk preparedness   Investing in talent and human c
apital   Promoting equity and inclusion     The Centre’s Global Risks Initiative provides insights, analysis and exchange on risk identification and p
reparedness. Since 2006, the Global Risks Initiative produces the  Global Risks Report  — one of the world’s leading publications on global risks, und
erpinned by the Global Risks Perceptions Survey. The Global Risks Initiative also includes the Risks Consortium, the Chief Risk Officers Community and
 the Global Future Council on Frontier Risks among its key communities, and a range of insight products beyond the Global Risks Report framed for rele
vance over the course of a typical year. We are hiring a maternity cover Lead to help strengthen and deploy the World Economic Forum’s framework for r
isk identification and preparedness and provide a leading contribution to the production of the Global Risks Report 2025.    Reporting Lines and Inter
actions    The role will report to the Head of the Global Risks Initiative and will work in close collaboration with the Initiative team, aligning wit
h the relevant Insights functional practice team and engaging with colleagues across the Centre and the broader organization to deliver outcomes effic
iently and effectively.    Main Responsibilities    Provide cross-sector views, knowledge, and initiative to advance the Forum’s global risks agenda. 
The Lead will help develop ideas; contribute to forward-thinking discussions; strengthen collaboration with stakeholders; interact with a growing comm
unity of risk experts from government, industry, civil society, and academia; and translate complex analyses into insights that support the Forum’s pa
rtners and platforms in identifying, understanding, and addressing global risks.   Conduct extensive research and consultation on global risks, their 
interconnections and current assessment methodologies; engage with the Forum’s internal issue experts and external network of risk professionals to de
tect emerging risks; develop fresh methods to analyse risks and related data at the global, regional, and national levels; generate evidence-based and
 future-oriented risk management policy recommendations.   Provide a leading contribution to the production of the Global Risks Report, producing insi
ghtful and original written content with impeccable narrative and in line with the Report’s objectives.   Ensure that the Global Risks Mission’s insig
hts production workstream is operationally and conceptually aligned with that of the Centre for the New Economy and Society, and with other teams acro
ss the Forum that produce risk-based insights on specific issues—such as the Centre for Cybersecurity, the Financial and Monetary Systems team, or the
 Nature-Based Solutions team.   Support the Head of Risks Initiative in managing the Global Risks Report Advisory Board, which acts as an independent 
steering committee, guiding the strategic direction and impact focus of the Global Risks Report.      Assessment Criteria    Knowledge of systemic ris
k analysis and foresight, and a broad interest in economic, environmental, geopolitical, technological and societal issues.   Ample experience with pr
imary and secondary research and analysis. This includes research in academic journals, public information sources and expert consultations; conductin
g data and survey analysis; extrapolating trends across different geographies and time horizons; and drawing credible hypothesis from limited informat
ion.   Ability to craft written content on complex thematics and adopting a systemic view.   Initiative to propose, develop and successfully deliver o
riginal projects.   Ability to work independently while being committed to team and institutional outputs.   Future-oriented and cross-cutting thinkin
g.      Requirements and Preferred Experience    Advanced university degree in data science, economics, finance, international development, public pol
icy, or other relevant fields, including substantive knowledge of quantitative and qualitative research methodologies.   8+ years of relevant professi
onal experience across business, government, non-profits, international organizations and/or think tanks. Experience in risk analysis, foresight and/o
r management is preferable.   Proven track record in the drafting and production of high-stakes institutional insight products and thought leadership 
pieces, leveraging an interdisciplinary approach and with a view to readability and application.   Fluency in English, with excellent written, digital
, and verbal communication skills. Knowledge of other languages is preferable.   Proven excellent project management and coordination skills; attentio
n to detail; capacity to apply critical thinking, synthesize various viewpoints, consult broadly, and work collaboratively in a multicultural team; an
d skill to manage both short- and long-term objectives in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.   Excellent data analysis, research, narrative and neg
otiation skills.        Why work at the Forum:    The Forum believes that progress happens by bringing together people from all walks of life who have
 the drive and the influence to improve the state of the world by building awareness and cooperation, shaping mindsets and agendas, and driving collec
tive action. Join us and become a driver for positive change! BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Researcher in Labour EconomicsETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Research
er in Labour EconomicsPhD Researcher in Labour Economics 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The KOF Swiss Economic Institute at the ETH Zurich is the leading in
stitute for applied research in economics in Switzerland. The labour market division at KOF Swiss Economic Institute is a research division that monit
ors, analyses, and evaluates the effects of policies, institutions and economic forces on jobs, the workforce, and wages, with the aim of establishing
 quantitative evidence relevant for policy makers and society at large. Core competencies include the analysis of firms' demand for workers, wage sett
ing and wage inequality, discrimination, and immigration. The team uses innovative large datasets and applies rigorous empirical methods to estimate c
ausal effects. The successful candidate(s) will be part of the PhD programme of the Department of Management, Technology, and Economics of ETH Zurich,
 and will be a member of the labour market division at KOF. In addition, the candidate will work closely with Prof. Dr. Dina Pomeranz at the Departmen
t of Economics at the University of Zurich and will be able to take classes and attend team meetings in both departments. The department of economics 
at the University of Zurich one of the highest ranked departments in Europe and provides a vibrant and highly international research environment. Job 
description The successful candidate(s) will conduct academic research within the project “Firms, Workers, and Collective Bargaining in Switzerland” f
unded by the Swiss National Science Foundation. The project is jointly led by Prof. Dr. Dina Pomeranz (University of Zurich) and Dr. Michael Siegentha
ler (KOF). Using large-scale linked register and survey data and self-collected data on collective bargaining agreements in Switzerland, the primary r
esearch goals of this project are the following:  What are the effects of minimum wages set in collective bargaining agreements on workers’ wages, emp
loyment, and job mobility? Are there wage spillovers to uncovered firms? What are the effects of collective bargaining on wage inequality overall? Wha
t is the effect of collective bargaining agreements on firms’ profitability, productivity, and prices. Does it affect their flexibility in response to
 large shocks? Do firms comply with the wage regulations in collective bargaining agreements? What is the effect of controlling wage and working condi
tions on the enforcement of collective bargaining agreements?  Your profile As the ideal candidate for this position, you  are excited about research 
that aims to solve real-world problems. You finished your degree with excellent grades. You are motivated to conduct high-quality research. You care a
bout having a positive impact with your research are excellent at quantitative reasoning. You understand what data can and cannot tell, can communicat
e that to others, and know when to apply which method. You have a rigorous statistics training in causal inference, and a strong command of Stata and/
or R have, at the time of appointment, completed a Master’s degree in Economics, Political Science, Data Science, or a related field. You have a stron
g interest in labour market topics, in particular regarding the effects of collective bargaining and unions in the labour market have excellent verbal
, written, and visual communication skills. You like to collaborate with others and have a compelling writing style in English. Proficiency in one or 
several languages spoken in Switzerland (French, Italian, and German) is an important asset.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich offers
 internationally competitive working conditions. The optimal starting date for this position is August - October 2024 and the duration is initially 18
 months with the prospect of a further extension up to a total of six years, depending on age and qualification. We offer the opportunity to pursue a 
high-quality PhD at renowned institutions in a dynamic and collaborative research environment. The position also offers the possibility for an extende
d research stay at a top university abroad. ETH Zurich has internationally competitive working conditions. The gross salary will be the standard salar
y rate for PhD students at ETH Zurich. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application until June 30, 2024
, with the following documents:  Cover letter that includes a short explanation why you are interested in doing a PhD in economics and working on labo
ur markets and collective bargaining Curriculum vitae Writing samples in German or English (e.g., Master thesis) Complete academic record with undergr
aduate and graduate courses and grades Copies of certificates Contact information for 2-3 potential letter writers  Please note that we exclusively ac
cept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further informati
on about the Institutes KOF Swiss Economic Institute and Dina Pomeranz’s research can be found on our websites www.kof.ethz.ch and https://www.econ.uz
h.ch/en/people/faculty/pomeranz.html. Questions regarding the position should be directed to KOF HR Services E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About
 ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application until June 30, 2024, with the following documents:  Cover letter 
that includes a short explanation why you are interested in doing a PhD in economics and working on labour markets and collective bargaining Curriculu
m vitae Writing samples in German or English (e.g., Master thesis) Complete academic record with undergraduate and graduate courses and grades Copies 
of certificates Contact information for 2-3 potential letter writers  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online
 application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about the Institutes KOF Swiss Economic Ins
titute and Dina Pomeranz’s research can be found on our websites www.kof.ethz.ch and https://www.econ.uzh.ch/en/people/faculty/pomeranz.html. Question
s regarding the position should be directed to KOF HR Services E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbe
nJob merkenDiesen Job melden


VacanciesAWIN AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernVacanciesPurpose of position Data sits at
 the heart of the company. This role is to ensure that Awin is able to leverage the data it has access to across the group and build out reporting to 
ensure we are able to make better commercial decisions and provide best-in-class campaign management to support client facing departments. As a (Senio
r) Data Engineer, your responsibility is to design and develop data warehouse to accommodate new data sources, build new data marts and cubes. You hav
e proven communication and analysis skills. You are a strong team player, able to work with minimal supervision and keen to implement and improve our 
standards and working practices. Furthermore, you understand data and business requirements and are able to translate into technical requirements. You
 write clean and high-quality code, easy to understand and maintain. You are able to implement various methodologies of data extraction, transformatio
n and storage and successfully apply your experience and knowledge to create new and improve existing data streams. Within the role, you are able to b
reak down requirements with clear instructions to your junior team members. You act as a role model and professional advisor to the former and take ov
er responsibility as project lead. As a member of Data Services department you will be working with a global team of data engineers and data analysts 
amongst other big data engineers within the organization. This role is a 12 months fixed-term contract. Key Tasks & accountabilities  Write clean, ele
gant and maintainable code with data warehousing best practices and modelling techniques (Kimball, Star Schema etc.) Integrate new data sources into o
ur existing data warehouse Participate in data warehouse design and architecture to support ETL development projects Find new ways for automation over
 repetitive and manual tasks Develop security procedures to protect databases from unauthorized usage Evaluate existing data warehouse and recommend i
mprovements for performance efficiency Develop best practices for data warehouse design and ETL development activities Be responsible for data quality
, accuracy and readiness of data warehouse in timely fashion for all kinds of reporting purpose  Education & experience  Bachelor degree or higher in 
Data Science, Data Engineering, Business Intelligence, Business Administration or similar education with focus on Data Engineering / Intelligence / An
alytics is preferred 3+ years' experience as a Data Warehouse Developer, Data Engineer with Python or similar Strong experience with full Microsoft Az
ure data engineering pipelines (Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, ADLS, Azure Event Hub, Azure SQL DB) Strong knowledge of Scrum practices and ag
ile mindset Very strong knowledge of databases and database administration, ideally MSSQL and MYSQL Very strong knowledge in designing end-to-end ETL 
solutions using Microsoft Azure technology Very strong knowledge of data arear and dimensional modelling Very strong knowledge in data warehousing bes
t practices and modelling techniques (Kimball, Star Schema etc.) Strong knowledge with cloud services (Azure and AWS) and experience with BI/Data Anal
ysis technologies  Skills & Core competencies  Very strong analytical skills to translate business need into actions with proactive approach,, deliver
ing project on time and budget Very strong understanding of the principles of machine learning Creative mind-set to bring new ideas and push the data 
warehouse development Willingness to change, learn and start initiatives Ability to face existing challenges in a self-reliant way with the courage to
 take autonomous decisions if needed Very strong communication and interaction skills Very strong project and process management competency, keen to d
eliver project on time/budget without compromising on quality and results Team player, willing to develop  Our Offer  Flexi-Week and Work-Life Balance
: We prioritize your mental health and well-being, offering you a flexible four-day Flexi-Week at full pay and with no reduction to your annual holida
y allowance. We also offer a variety of different paid special leaves. Working Wherever: Do you prefer to work from our cool office, from home, or in 
a completely different environment? With us, the choice is yours. We offer the flexibility to work wherever you want within our Awin locations. Health
 & Well-Being: With our support and access to various initiatives and sports offers, you can devote yourself to your mental and physical well-being. D
evelopment: We’ve built our extensive training suite Awin Academy to cover a wide range of skills that nurture you professionally and personally, with
 trainings conveniently packaged together to support your overall development. Remote Working: You will receive a monthly allowance to cover a part of
 your running costs. In addition, we will support you in setting up your remote workspace appropriately. Appreciation: Thank and reward colleagues by 
sending them a voucher through our peer-to-peer program, and show your appreciation for colleagues who have gone the extra mile to support you.  Estab
lished in 2000, Awin is proud of our dynamic, social, and inclusive culture. Like all businesses, we’ve had to adapt and nurture our culture in a virt
ual environment. Our virtual ‘Life @ Awin’ hub brings our colleagues from across the globe together for various social activities. Diversity & Inclusi
on are paramount to us, and we proudly pursue and hire diverse team members. We champion uniqueness and authenticity; this is who we are at our core. 
Our network of affiliate partnerships is diverse and transparent, as are the employees powering our vision to build the world’s leading open partner e
cosystem. We welcome all backgrounds, identities, and experiences. If you need support at any point in the application or interview process, please le
t us know. Apply now to begin the next stage of your career at a progressive company that supports both your professional and personal development.Kon
taktAWIN AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.awin.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingLand Zwitserland Locatie Switzerland Werkplaats GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Werkgever bedrijf TotalEnergie
s Gas & Power Ltd Domein Strategie Economie Onderneming Contracttype Onbepaalde tijd Ervaring Minimaal 3 jaar Profiel kandidaat  You are university ed
ucated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly quantitative com
ponent, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a relevant experie
nce in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OOP) with profi
ciency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning and linear o
ptimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Experience with C
loud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as well as ability 
to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in
 English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, w
e believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity employer committ
ed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender
, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other p
rotected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activiteiten What 
you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas an
d Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requiring a quant
itative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamentals expert
s, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, advisory and
 support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance and work w
ith trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders take posit
ions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique problems a
s well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will get exposure 
and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products). Activitie
s:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning). Develop 
analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into the models
. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process optimization.
 Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique problems wh
ere advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the right tool and 
right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceive new metho
ds, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to levera
ge data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the right trad
ing decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guidelines and s
upport to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy needs of a gro
wing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk management and
 a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, entrepreneursh
ip spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinforcing the 
competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safety in all ou
r actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edge, we culti
vate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our people and the
ir skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the f
ield of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external fact
ors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & demand mismatche
s) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new energy source
s, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon N
eutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Trading entities 
are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings together very l
arge teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) 
is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal 
and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purchase & sales
 portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company trading guidelin
es. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutralit
y by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingLand Schweiz Ort Switzerland Ort des Arbeitsplatzes GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Unternehmen des Arbeitgebe
rs TotalEnergies Gas & Power Ltd Domain Strategy Economics Business Art des Auftrags Unbefristeter Vertrag Erfahrung Mindestens 3 Jahre Profil der Bew
erberin/des Bewerbers  You are university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience 
in a position with a highly quantitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity 
markets and have acquired a relevant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Str
ong coding skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) 
Proficiency in machine learning and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience worki
ng with data architectures Experience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resour
ceful and well organised as well as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and pres
ent them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working
 with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. 
We are an equal opportunity employer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for emplo
yment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary acc
ommodations upon request. Aktivitäten What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of
 the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and de
aling with complex issues requiring a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA t
eam is formed of market fundamentals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA te
am contributes interpretation, advisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence th
e global TGP trading performance and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveragi
ng data in order to help traders take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-dept
h analysis of complex and unique problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Pow
er trading desks but you will get exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, elect
ricity, emissions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stac
k optimization, machine learning). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and b
uild data pipelines feeding into the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to 
enable automation and process optimization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise a
nd structure complex and unique problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis 
and modelling to choose the right tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct ex
tensive investigation to conceive new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accou
ntabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional valu
e for the Company by driving the right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly pow
er) and management. Supply guidelines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are 
committed to meet the energy needs of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets
 requires excellence in risk management and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environm
ent that promotes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achi
eve collaborative success. Reinforcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development 
and we pledge to encourage safety in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that 
requests to be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine
, where the diversity of our people and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Kontext & Umgebung TotalEnergies Gas and Power is t
he trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics 
influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatil
ity of prices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energ
y mix, developments of new energy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in 
order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas an
d electricity trading. Trading entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in 
Geneva, which now brings together very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (
TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving
 market dynamics influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is respons
ible for optimising the purchase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in comp
liance with the Company trading guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to
 reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GenfData Scientist – Power Markets modellingCountry Switzerland Location Switzerland Workplace location GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Employer company Tot
alEnergies Gas & Power Ltd Domain Strategy Economics Business Type of contract Regular position Experience Minimum 3 years Candidate Profile  You are 
university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly qua
ntitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a rel
evant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OO
P) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning
 and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Expe
rience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as wel
l as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat ma
nnerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At Tot
alEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity emp
loyer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, 
color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information o
r any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activ
ities What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEner
gies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requir
ing a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamen
tals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, a
dvisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance
 and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders
 take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique
 problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will ge
t exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products)
. Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning
). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into
 the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process op
timization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique 
problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the righ
t tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceiv
e new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP abilit
y to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the
 right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guide
lines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy nee
ds of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk man
agement and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, ent
repreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinf
orcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safet
y in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edg
e, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our peo
ple and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergi
es in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and ex
ternal factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & deman
d mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new en
ergy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective 
of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Tradin
g entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings toge
ther very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and P
ower (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced b
y internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purch
ase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company tradi
ng guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbo
n Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingPaís Suíça Localização Switzerland Local de trabalho GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Empresa empregadora Total
Energies Gas & Power Ltd Domínio Estratégia Economia Negócio Tipo de contrato Contrato Duração Indeterminada (CDI) Experiência Mínimo 3 anos Perfil do
 Candidato  You are university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a positi
on with a highly quantitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and
 have acquired a relevant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding 
skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency
 in machine learning and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with dat
a architectures Experience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and w
ell organised as well as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in
 a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with trans
actions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an e
qual opportunity employer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment witho
ut regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, g
enetic information or any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations
 upon request. Atividades What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets
 traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with c
omplex issues requiring a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is forme
d of market fundamentals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contribut
es interpretation, advisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP
 trading performance and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in o
rder to help traders take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis o
f complex and unique problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading d
esks but you will get exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emis
sions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimizati
on, machine learning). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pi
pelines feeding into the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable autom
ation and process optimization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure
 complex and unique problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modellin
g to choose the right tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive inve
stigation to conceive new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:
  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Co
mpany by driving the right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and mana
gement. Supply guidelines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to
 meet the energy needs of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires ex
cellence in risk management and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that pro
motes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collabor
ative success. Reinforcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledg
e to encourage safety in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to 
be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the 
diversity of our people and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the tradin
g arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influence
d by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of pr
ices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, de
velopments of new energy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to 
reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electri
city trading. Trading entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, w
hich now brings together very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). Tot
alEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market d
ynamics influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for 
optimising the purchase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance wi
th the Company trading guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach th
e objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingPays Suisse Lieu Switzerland Lieu de travail GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Société employeur TotalEnergies G
as & Power Ltd Domaine Stratégie Economie Business Type de contrat CDI Expérience Minimum 3 ans Profil du candidat  You are university educated to at 
least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly quantitative component, ideal
ly gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a relevant experience in the fi
eld by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in com
mon libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning and linear optimization t
echniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Experience with Cloud environm
ents, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as well as ability to work in a 
fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – kn
owledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe tha
t our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to respect
ing diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, n
ational origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected grou
p status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activités What you will do:  Th
e Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in
 terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requiring a quantitative approach
 (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamentals experts, data scientis
ts, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, advisory and support to all 
TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance and work with trading desk
s and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders take positions on the mark
ets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique problems as well as creati
ve and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will get exposure and will help on
 subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute t
o our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning). Develop analytics and im
pactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into the models. Contribute to 
the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process optimization. Work with Power
 trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique problems where advanced ana
lytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the right tool and right level of c
omplexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceive new methods, procedures, 
and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order
 to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the right trading decisions. R
eply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guidelines and support to the te
ams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy needs of a growing population 
and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk management and a culture of in
novation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agili
ty and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinforcing the competencies of 
our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safety in all our actions. We lo
ok for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly 
workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our people and their skills create
 a nourishing experience for all of us. Contexte et environnement TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low 
carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external factors that req
uire constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupl
ed with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new energy sources, etc). In 
such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by
 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Trading entities are based in
 Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings together very large teams a
round trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the tradi
ng arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external
 factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purchase & sales portfolios 
of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company trading guidelines. In such 
context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.Be
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Two SNSF PhD positions on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-ResolutionUniversité de LausanneBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pen
sum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneTwo SNSF PhD positions on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-Resolution Introduction    UNIL 
is a leading international teaching and research institution, with over 5,000 employees and 17,000 students split between its Dorigny campus, CHUV and
 Epalinges. As an employer, UNIL encourages excellence, individual recognition and responsibility. Presentation    Recent progress in computer vision 
has accelerated the development of statistical downscaling, which uses statistical models to improve the spatiotemporal resolution of impactful climat
e variables, such as extreme temperatures, wind gusts, and precipitation. Machine learning (ML)-based super-resolution algorithms, which learn from da
ta how to best generate high-resolution images from their low-resolution version, are gaining traction because of their improved accuracy and low  omp
utational cost once trained. However, they are rarely designed to perform well on extremes, and their robustness is usually only tested in the present
 climate, where training data are available. These limitations prevent the widespread adoption of modern ML to better constrain uncertainties in the f
orecasting of local extremes and in the high-resolution projections of climate change.To address these limitations, our project leverages recent devel
opments in deep learning and geostatistics1 to design hybrid statistical-physical methods helping ML frameworks generalize to climate change and extre
me events. We will test these methods for two applications that combine downscaling with prediction over Switzerland: future climate projections and m
edium-range forecasting. For that purpose, we propose two synergistic PhD projects on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-Resolution : The firs
t project generates spatially-resolved Swiss climate change scenarios that ensure physical consistency and preserve long-term trend. The second projec
t downscales medium-range forecasts over Switzerland, including small-scale features ignored by the original forecast. In both projects, we will explo
re the added value of state-of-the-art ML for atmospheric science, which remains challenging to understand. Both PhD positions will be hosted within U
NIL’s recently established Expertise Center for Climate Extremes, and will include collaboration opportunities with research groups from the instituti
ons listed below:● MeteoSwiss● LSCE-IPSL● University of California, Irvine● NVIDIA (Climate Simulation Team) Job information    Expected start date in
 position : 01.10.2024 / to be agreed Contract length : 1 year, renewable to a maximum of 4 years. Activity rate : 100% Workplace : Lausanne Mouline (
Géopolis) Your responsibilities     Technical Responsibilities:  Specific to the climate projection project: ● Develop and apply multivariate bias-cor
rection methods suitable for the Swiss climate scenarios, focusing on enforcing physical consistency, maintaining inter-variable consistency, and eval
uating spatial properties across downscaled outputs.● Integrate and test new algorithms for trend preservation in the downscaled variables, ensuring t
hat long-term climatic changes are accurately reflected in the projections.● Collaborate with MeteoSwiss to ensure that the downscaled models align wi
th the ongoing updates to Swiss climate change scenarios and are informed by the latest observational data. Specific to the weather forecasting projec
t: ● Design and implement machine learning models for medium-range weather forecasting that can handle initial conditions significantly different from
 those seen in the training data, especially under extreme weather conditions.● Ensure the calibration of downscaled outputs for longer lead times as 
predicted distributions shift towards climatology.● Develop and test feature transformation techniques that enhance the generalizability and accuracy 
of forecasts across complex topography, such as the Alpine region.● Collaborate with MeteoSwiss to ensure that the downscaled forecasts align with ong
oing forecasting and post-processing needs. For both projects: ● Establish the broad applicability of new machine learning frameworks (new architectur
es, techniques to improve extrapolation/explainability, improved conditioning of the predicted distributions, etc.) for climate applications. You will
 receive support from the project’s team and have the opportunity to co-supervise Master's interns.● Over the course of 4 years, complete 3-4 semester
s of teaching assistantship in geoinformatics, scientific programming, or machine learning for Earth and environmental science courses (no more than a
pproximately 5 hours/week).● Given that the collaboration with MeteoSwiss offers the opportunity to root your research in practice, we encourage flexi
bility between Lausanne and the MeteoSwiss offices (Zürich, Geneva, Locarno). Your qualifications Master’s degree in a quantitative field closely rel
ated to machine learning and/or climate science Strong background in scientific programming and data science Experience in manipulating scientific dat
asets, ideally including proficiency in Python. A solid foundation in applied mathematics and physics. We appreciate a range of competencies, includin
g but not limited to calculus, differential equations, statistics, mechanics, and thermodynamics Strong communication skills in English Enthusiasm for
 both atmospheric/climate science and scientific machine learning (Preferred but not required) Experience in high-performance computing (Preferred but
 not required) Background in numerical weather prediction and/or climate change science (Preferred but not required) Teaching experience Note that pro
ficiency in French and German is not required and free French and (Swiss) German courses are available at UNIL What the position offers you We offer a
 nice working place in a multicultural, diverse and dynamic academic environment. Opportunities for professional training, a lot of activities and oth
er benefits to discover. Annual salary of approximately CHF 45k-50k for up to 4 years, contingent upon satisfactory yearly reviews. Fully funded perso
nal research equipment, including a laptop, desktop computer, monitor, etc. Fully funded research-related travel, including conferences, collaboration
s, etc. Fully funded open-access publication costs. 5 weeks of paid holidays, in addition to national holidays. Paid parental leave. Access to UNIL's 
high-performance computing facilities, offering millions of CPU/GPU hours, 1 PB of storage, etc., with additional CPU hours available for computationa
lly intensive atmospheric simulations through collaborations. An international collaboration network. A friendly and cohesive culture at the Institute
 of Earth Surface Dynamics, including 1-2 day summer and winter retreats, usually in the Alps. Access to UNIL campus facilities, including a sports ce
nter with over 100 recreational options, campus-grown food, etc. Contact for further information    Prof. Tom Beucler tom.beucler@unil.ch Your applica
tion    Deadline : 31.05.2024 Please, send your full application with all the following in PDF. Curriculum Vitae Copy of all university degree certifi
cates and transcripts Names, affiliations, and email addresses of 2 references (e.g. Masters thesis advisor(s), academic staff members who have read y
our work, previous employers) Copy of one first-author research report (can be a manuscript, a thesis, or a class paper) Personal Statement (no more t
han 2 pages excluding bibliography), including: A ~250-word description of a possible PhD project related to the position’s topic A short description 
of what has been your favorite research experience so far and why Your professional goals, and how this position might further them Your teaching meth
ods (if you have no teaching experience: which teaching methods do you find most efficient?) Your strategies to collaborate with colleagues of diverse
 backgrounds and experience Only applications through this website will be taken into account. We thank you for your understanding. Additional informa
tion     We are dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where all individuals are encouraged to apply, regardless of th
eir background. UNIL is committed to equal opportunities and diversity. www.unil.ch/egalite UNIL supports early career researchers.   www.unil.ch/grad
uatecampus The Faculty of Geosciences and Environment of the University of Lausanne adheres to the DORA agreement and follows its guidelines in the ev
aluation of applications (in short, quality over quantity) KontaktUniversité de Lausanne(0)67 Jobshttps://www.unil.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job meld
en


Senior Research EngineerThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zug
Senior Research EngineerDo you love creating innovative solutions for customers? We are seeking a passionate Sr Research Engineer who will bring exper
tise in AI and ML and is interested in building data-driven capabilities that drive transformation. As a member of Thomson Reuters Labs you will have 
a direct impact on our company by helping to create new and innovative capabilities that will delight our customers. What does Thomson Reuters Labs do
? We experiment, we build, we deliver. We support the organization and our customers through applied research and the development of new products and 
technologies. TR Labs innovates collaboratively across our core segments in Legal, Tax & Accounting, Government, and Reuters News. As a Senior Researc
h Engineer at Thomson Reuters Labs, you will be part of a global interdisciplinary team of experts. We hire engineers and specialists across a variety
 of AI research areas to drive the company’s digital transformation. The science and engineering of AI are rapidly evolving. We are looking for an ada
ptable learner who can think in code and likes to learn and develop new skills as they are needed; someone comfortable with jumping into new problem s
paces; who enjoys directing and supporting the efforts of others. Is this you? Come join us! About the Role In this opportunity as a Senior Research E
ngineer, you will: Develop and Deliver: Applying modern software development practices, you will be involved in the entire software development lifecy
cle, building, testing and delivering high-quality solutions. Build Scalable ML Solutions: You will create large scale data processing pipelines to he
lp researchers build and train novel machine learning algorithms. You will develop high performing scalable systems in the context of large online del
ivery environments. Be a Team Player: Working in a collaborative team-oriented environment, you will share information, value diverse ideas, partner w
ith cross-functional and remote teams. Be an Agile Person: With a strong sense of urgency and a desire to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, y
ou will deliver timely solutions. Be Innovative: You are empowered to try new approaches and learn new technologies. You will contribute innovative id
eas, create solutions, and be accountable for end-to-end deliveries. Be an Effective Communicator: Through dynamic engagement and communication with c
ross-functional partners and team members, you will effectively articulate ideas and collaborate on technical developments. About You: You are a fit f
or the Senior Research Engineer if your background includes: Essential skills & experience: A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Related Field At
 least 5 years software engineering experience, ideally in the context of machine learning and natural language processing Are skilled and have a deep
 understanding of Python software development stacks and ecosystems, experience with other programming languages and ecosystems is ideal. Can understa
nd, apply, integrate and deploy Machine Learning capabilities and techniques into other systems. Are familiar with the Python data science stack throu
gh exposure to libraries such as Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Dask, spaCy, NLTK, scikit-learn Take pride in writing clean, reusable, maintainable and well-te
sted code Have a desire to learn and embrace new and emerging technology Are familiar with probabilistic models and have an understanding of the mathe
matical concepts underlying machine learning methods Have familiarity with Agile Methodologies. Preferred skills & experience: Experience integrating 
Machine Learning solutions into production-grade software and have an understanding of ModelOps and MLOps principles Demonstrate proficiency in automa
tion, system monitoring, and cloud-native applications, with familiarity in AWS or Azure (or a related cloud platform) Had previous exposure to Natura
l Language Processing (NLP) problems and have familiarity with key tasks such as Named Entity Recognition (NER), Information Extraction, Information R
etrieval, etc. Can understand and translate between language and methodologies used both in research and engineering fields Have been successfully tak
ing and integrating Machine Learning solutions to production-grade software Hands-on experience in other programming and scripting languages (Java, Ty
peScript, JavaScript, etc.) Have exposure to cloud computing development (AWS/Azure). Have familiarity with Agile Methodologies. What’s in it for you?
 You will join our inclusive culture of world-class talent, where we are committed to your personal and professional growth through: Hybrid Work Model
: We’ve adopted a flexible hybrid working environment for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physical
ly connected. Culture: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and mor
e. Wellbeing: Comprehensive benefit plans; flexible and supportive benefits for work-life balance: two company-wide Mental Health Days Off; work from 
another location for up to a total of 8 weeks in a year, 4 of those weeks can be out of the country and the remaining in the country, Headspace app su
bscription; retirement, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. Lear
ning & Development: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees T
homson Reuters café networking. Social Impact: Nine employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) initiatives for local and global impact. Purpose Driven Work: We have a superpower that we’ve never talked about with as much pri
de as we should – we are one of the only companies on the planet that helps its customers pursue justice, truth and transparency. Together, with the p
rofessionals and institutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide t
rusted, unbiased information to people all over the world. LI-IG1 DISCLAIMER The above information in this description has been designed to indicate t
he general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehens
ive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Do you want to be part of a team helping
 re-invent the way knowledge professionals work? How about a team that works every day to create a more transparent, just and inclusive future? At Tho
mson Reuters, we’ve been doing just that for almost 160 years. Our industry-leading products and services include highly specialized information-enabl
ed software and tools for legal, tax, accounting and compliance professionals combined with the world’s most global news services – Reuters. We help t
hese professionals do their jobs better, creating more time for them to focus on the things that matter most: advising, advocating, negotiating, gover
ning and informing. We are powered by the talents of 25,000 employees across more than 75 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and gro
w professionally in flexible work environments that celebrate diversity and inclusion. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness and transparency
 are under attack, we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward. Accessibil
ity As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified e
mployees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national o
rigin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under appl
icable law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. We also make r
easonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.Kontak
tThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Research EngineerThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZugLe
ad Research EngineerDo you love creating innovative solutions for customers? We are seeking a passionate Lead Research Engineer who will bring experti
se in AI and ML and is interested in building data-driven capabilities that drive transformation. As a member of Thomson Reuters Labs you will have a 
direct impact on our company by helping to create new and innovative capabilities that will delight our customers. What does Thomson Reuters Labs do? 
We experiment, we build, we deliver. We support the organization and our customers through applied research and the development of new products and te
chnologies. TR Labs innovates collaboratively across our core segments in Legal, Tax & Accounting, Government, and Reuters News. As a Lead Research En
gineer at Thomson Reuters Labs, you will be part of a global interdisciplinary team of experts. We hire engineers and specialists across a variety of 
AI research areas to drive the company’s digital transformation. The science and engineering of AI are rapidly evolving. We are looking for an adaptab
le learner who can think in code and likes to learn and develop new skills as they are needed; someone comfortable with jumping into new problem space
s; who enjoys directing and supporting the efforts of others. Is this you? Come join us! About the Role In this opportunity as a Lead Research Enginee
r, you will: Be a Leader: Provide technical leadership partnering with other engineers to develop and improve methodology and evolve the technology st
ack. Develop and Deliver: Applying modern software development practices, you will be involved in the entire software development lifecycle, building,
 testing and delivering high-quality solutions. Build Scalable ML Solutions: You will create large scale data processing pipelines to help researchers
 build and train novel machine learning algorithms. You will develop high performing scalable systems in the context of large online delivery environm
ents. Be a Team Player: Working in a collaborative team-oriented environment, you will share information, value diverse ideas, partner with cross-func
tional and remote teams. Be an Agile Person: With a strong sense of urgency and a desire to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, you will delive
r timely solutions. Be Innovative: You are empowered to try new approaches and learn new technologies. You will contribute innovative ideas, create so
lutions, and be accountable for end-to-end deliveries. Be an Effective Communicator: Through dynamic engagement and communication with cross-functiona
l partners and team members, you will effectively articulate ideas and collaborate on technical developments. About You You are a fit for the Lead Res
earch Engineer role if your background includes: Essential skills & experience: A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Related Field. At least 8 ye
ars software engineering experience, ideally in the context of machine learning and natural language processing. Have experience leading technical wor
kstreams within a software engineering organization. Are skilled and have a deep understanding of Python software development stacks and ecosystems, e
xperience with other programming languages and ecosystems is ideal. Can understand, apply, integrate and deploy Machine Learning capabilities and tech
niques into other systems. Are familiar with the Python data science stack through exposure to libraries such as Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Dask, spaCy, NL
TK, scikit-learn. Take pride in writing clean, reusable, maintainable and well-tested code. Demonstrate proficiency in automation, system monitoring, 
and cloud-native applications, with familiarity in AWS or Azure (or a related cloud platform). Proficient in system analysis and design & Consider Dev
Ops and automation as fundamental pillars of your work. Have a desire to learn and embrace new and emerging technology. Are familiar with probabilisti
c models and have an understanding of the mathematical concepts underlying machine learning methods. Have experience leading and/or mentoring teams. H
ave experience providing guidance around roadblocks for team. Have experience providing updates to internal stakeholders. Have exposure to cloud compu
ting development (AWS/Azure). Preferred skills & experience: Experience integrating Machine Learning solutions into production-grade software with a s
ound understanding of ModelOps and MLOps principles and the ability to translate between language and methodologies used both in research and engineer
ing fields Had previous exposure to Natural Language Processing (NLP) problems and have familiarity with key tasks such as Named Entity Recognition (N
ER), Information Extraction, Information Retrieval, etc. Have been successfully taking and integrating Machine Learning solutions to production-grade 
software Hands-on experience in other programming and scripting languages (Java, TypeScript, JavaScript, etc.) What’s in it for you? You will join our
 inclusive culture of world-class talent, where we are committed to your personal and professional growth through: Hybrid Work Model: We’ve adopted a 
flexible hybrid working environment for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physically connected. Cult
ure: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and more. Wellbeing: Comp
rehensive benefit plans; flexible and supportive benefits for work-life balance: two company-wide Mental Health Days Off; work from another location f
or up to a total of 8 weeks in a year, 4 of those weeks can be out of the country and the remaining in the country, Headspace app subscription; retire
ment, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. Learning & Development
: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees Thomson Reuters caf
é networking. Social Impact: Nine employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social and Governance (ES
G) initiatives for local and global impact. Purpose Driven Work: We have a superpower that we’ve never talked about with as much pride as we should – 
we are one of the only companies on the planet that helps its customers pursue justice, truth and transparency. Together, with the professionals and i
nstitutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide trusted, unbiased i
nformation to people all over the world. LI-IG1 DISCLAIMER The above information in this description has been designed to indicate the general nature 
and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of a
ll duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Do you want to be part of a team helping re-invent the way
 knowledge professionals work? How about a team that works every day to create a more transparent, just and inclusive future? At Thomson Reuters, we’v
e been doing just that for almost 160 years. Our industry-leading products and services include highly specialized information-enabled software and to
ols for legal, tax, accounting and compliance professionals combined with the world’s most global news services – Reuters. We help these professionals
 do their jobs better, creating more time for them to focus on the things that matter most: advising, advocating, negotiating, governing and informing
. We are powered by the talents of 25,000 employees across more than 75 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and grow professionally i
n flexible work environments that celebrate diversity and inclusion. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness and transparency are under attack,
 we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward. Accessibility As a global bu
siness, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all ou
r operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, s
exual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under applicable law. Thomso
n Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. We also make reasonable accommod
ations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.KontaktThomson Reuters (
Markets) Europe AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Projektleiter AI und Big Data Projekte (w/m/d), (80-100%)akustikmodular AG (Ecophon)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernProjektleiter AI und Big Data Projekte (w/m/d), (80-100%)     Why do we need you ?    Als Projektleiter für AI-Projekte
 in den Bereichen Künstliche Intelligenz (AI) und Big Data spielen Sie eine entscheidende Rolle bei der Leitung und Umsetzung von Schlüsselprojekten i
n unserem Unternehmen. Ihre Hauptaufgaben umfassen die Planung, Steuerung und Überwachung von Projekten im Bereich AI, Big Data und EAI von der Konzep
tionsphase über die Implementierung bis zur operativen Nutzung. Sie sind verantwortlich für die Einhaltung von Zeitplänen und Budgets und stellen die 
Qualitätsstandards sicher. Dazu entwickeln Sie eine klare Projektstrategie im Einklang mit den übergeordneten Unternehmenszielen und setzen diese auch
 um. Sie arbeiten eng mit Fachbereichen, Fachhochschulen, Industriepartnern sowie internen AI-Spezialisten der Unternehmensgruppe zusammen und gewährl
eisten so eine nahtlose Integration der Projekte. Sie verstehen die neuesten Entwicklungen und Trends in den Bereichen AI, Big Data und EAI und haben 
Erfahrung in der Umsetzung von Projekten unter Nutzung von AI und Big Data. Sie berichten regelmässig an das Top-Management über Fortschritt, Herausfo
rderungen und Erfolge der Projekte und kommunizieren mit Stakeholdern auf allen Ebenen, um ein gemeinsames Verständnis und Engagement sicherzustellen.
 Sie identifizieren und pflegen Schlüsselbeziehungen zu internen und externen Stakeholdern, einschliesslich Führungsebene, Fachbereichen und Technolog
iepartnern. Sie führen Return-on-Investment (ROI)-Analysen durch, um den wirtschaftlichen Nutzen der implementierten Technologien zu quantifizieren un
d Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) zu definieren und führen die Erfolgsmessung der Projekte im Hinblick auf die definierten Geschäftsziele durch.    
Is this job for you ?     Sie verfügen über ein abgeschlossenes Studium der Informatik, Wirtschaftinformatik oder eine vergelichbare Qualifikation mit
 mindestens fünf Jahren Erfahrung im Projektmanagement und besitzen nachweisliche Erfahrung in der Leitung von komplexen IT-Projekten, vorzugsweise im
 Bereich AI, Big Data oder EAI. Sie verfügen über fundierte Kenntnisse in den Bereichen AI, Big Data und EAI sowie Erfahrung mit relevanten Technologi
en und Frameworks oder dem Einsatz von AI in SalesForce und SAP. Sie zeichenen sich durch starke Führungsfähigkeiten mit nachweislicher Erfahrung in d
er Motivation und Entwicklung von Teams aus, aber auch in indirekter Führung über Organisationsgrenzen hinweg. Sie besitzen ausgezeichnete Kommunikati
onsfähigkeiten auf allen Ebenen in Deutsch (Französisch und/oder Englisch erwünscht). Überzeugendes Präsentationsgeschick sowie die Fähigkeit zur anal
ytischen Problemlösung und strategischen Planung runden Ihr Profil ab. Sie identifizieren potenzielle Implementierungspartner und akademische Institut
ionen, um Partnerschaften zu etablieren, die die AI-Initiativen des Unternehmens unterstützen.     Steps to join us    Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbu
ng.Sanitas Troesch AG, Herr Hans-Peter Birneder, Leiter Organisation und Informatik, Bahnhöheweg 82, 3018 Bern, Telefon 031 998 82 31, E-Mail schreibe
n  Mit Ihrer Bewerbung verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten für rekrutierungsbezogene Zwecke. Mehr Informationen auf www.sanitastroesch.ch/de/AGBs/Datenschutzer
klaerung       A little more about us    Sanitas Troesch AG ist führend in Bad und Küche in der Schweiz und beschäftigt rund 1’070 Mitarbeitende. Um d
iese Spitzenposition zu halten, suchen wir in jedem Bereich die besten Fachleute. Und wir legen grossen Wert auf Förderung und Weiterbildung auf allen
 Stufen. Wovon nicht nur unsere Kunden profitieren, sondern auch Sie als Mitarbeiterin oder Mitarbeiter.    To make sure nothing is forgotten    Diese
 Position bietet die Möglichkeit, massgeblich zur Weiterentwicklung unserer IT-Strategie beizutragen und innovative Technologien in unserer Organisati
on zu implementieren. Wenn Sie die genannten Anforderungen erfüllen und eine spannende Herausforderung suchen, freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbung. Bewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data EngineerSoltar AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 April 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData EngineerSOLTAR ist ein Anbi
eter von Intelligence-as-a-Service und Data Manage-ment mit Web-Applikationen spezialisiert auf die finanziellen Potenziale inEinkaufs-, Supply Chain-
 und Working Capital Management unter Nutzungvon Methoden der Künstlichen Intelligenz (KI). Unsere Kunden sind inter-nationale und nationale Industrie
- und Dienstleistungsunternehmen.  In zentraler Lage am Bellevue in Zürich suchen wir eine(n)  Business Data Analyst / Data Engineer (80-100%)  für da
s Thema  Intelligence im Supply Chain Management und Supply Chain Finance  Sie haben Freude an der Entwicklung von innovativen Business Data Intellige
nce Lösungen ,als auch an der Anwendung von Künstlicher Intelligenz (Machine-/ DeepLearning) im Management der Supply Chain. Sie konzipieren Datenbank
lö-sungen und bauen sie in Cloudumgebungen auf unter Berücksichtigungvon Schnittstellen zu Datenquellen und Applikationen. Sie programmierenAlgorithme
n mit Hilfe von Machine Learning Frameworks und stellen dieVisualisierung in Front-End Applikationen (GUI) bzw. Dashboards sicher.Sie arbeiten an konk
reten Projekten mit Industrie- und Dienstleistungsun-ternehmen und verarbeiten den Dateninput aus verschiedenen Unterneh-men und Standorten. Neben dem
 Datenmanagement gehört der direkteKundenkontakt und die Vorstellung der Ergebnisse zu Ihren Aufgaben. Sieführen ein kleines Team von Werkstudent(inn)
en/Praktikant(inn)en.  Sie besitzen einen Master in Computer Science/Ingenieurwissenschaften (ETH, FH) o-der Betriebswirtschaft (Uni, FH) und haben be
reits erste Berufserfahrungals Business Analyst, Data Scientist, Werkstudent/Praktikant o.ä. gesam-melt. Ihre starken analytischen Fähigkeiten sowie E
rfahrungen in der Ent-wicklung innovativer Methoden können Sie täglich einsetzen und nutzen.Sie verfügen über sehr gute Kenntnisse in der Programmieru
ng mit Pythonund SQL. Erste praktische Erfahrungen mit Big Data Frameworks (Hadoop,Spark) und Cloud-Entwicklungsumgebungen (Azure/AWS/GCP) haben siebe
reits gesammelt. Der Umgang mit Machine Learning Frameworks wieTensor Flow oder Daten Visualisierungs-Tools wie Power BI gehört für Siezur Routine. Ih
re exzellenten Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort undSchrift erleichtern Ihnen die Kommunikation in einem internationalen Um-feld.  Sie sind eine
 kommunikative, analytische Persönlichkeit und selbstständiges Arbei-ten gewohnt. Sie fühlen sich wohl in einem dynamischen Umfeld, in wel-chem Sie in
itiativ agieren können, einen hohen Freiheitsgrad für die Ge-staltung und Problemlösung haben und gerne den Kontakt mit externenGeschäftspartnern pfle
gen. Wir freuen uns auf den Kontakt mit Ihnen!  Erweitern Sie ihr Data Management Know-how mit innovativen Metho-  den Senden Sie Ihre Bewerbungsunter
lagen an Dr. Alwin Locker, der Ihnengerne als Ansprechpartner zur Verfügung steht. SOLTAR AG – The Supply Chain Experts Telefon +41 44 500 9670Dr. Alw
in LockerTheaterstrasse 8 e-mail a.locker@soltar.bizCH-8001 Zürich www.soltar.biz KontaktSOLTAR AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.soltar.bizBewerbenJob merkenDie
sen Job melden


Data Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
BaselData Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with he
althcare on a global scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthc
are needs. Together, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position In Roc
he’s  Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organisation (pRED) , we make transformative medicines for patients in order to tackle some of the
 world’s toughest unmet healthcare needs. At pRED, we are united by our mission to transform science into medicines. Together, we create a culture def
ined by curiosity, responsibility and humility, where our talented people are empowered and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing inno
vation at speed.    The Opportunity  The pRED Data & Analytics team at Roche is the bridge between digital technology and science. We help drive medic
al innovation and are integral to the realisation of truly Personalised Healthcare and the development of innovative treatments for our patients.  We 
are shaping the digitalisation of Pharma R&D at Roche, and we are growing. To realize our vision, we need innovative, dedicated people from a wide var
iety of backgrounds.  These responsibilities capture a portion of what your work will look like:   Co-create the sensor-based data collection, analysi
s and digital endpoint development strategies for clinical drug development programs and therapy areas, and drive the implementation from a sensor dat
a analytics perspective; this may include leading small analysis project delivery teams   Devise and implement science and methodology development str
ategies using established and novel sensor data processing and statistical methodologies accompanied by innovative machine learning and artificial int
elligence approaches   Collaborate with partners in clinical drug programs, with Roche-internal functions and external partners, and with a wide range
 of data scientists, researchers, clinicians and internal IT specialists   Provide guidance for others within your domain of expertise, explore novel 
data sets, and proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools      Who you are  You’re someone who wants to influence your 
own development. You are looking for a company where you receive the opportunity to pursue your interests across functions and geographies. Working in
 a multicultural environment motivates you. As a fast learner, you actively drive the quality of the requirements.   You hold a Ph.D. or equivalent de
gree in Life Sciences, Computer Science, Informatics, Statistics, or a related field, coupled with substantial experience in the pharmaceutical and di
gital health sectors.   With a wealth of professional experience, you're adept at delving into sensor data across diverse domains, like biomechanics, 
vital signs, audio and cognitive tests. Your proficiency in feature engineering, algorithm development, and statistical analysis ensures meticulous me
asurement validation and insightful longitudinal modeling.   Your expertise extends seamlessly into the application of these measures in drug developm
ent programs, where you navigate PhI-IV trials and various endpoint types, all while wielding a deep understanding of relevant disease areas e.g. neur
o-immunology, movement disorders, etc.   You have proven leadership and collaboration experience, complimented by your project management skills and r
esilience. Your ability to foster lasting partnerships with collaborators drives innovation in drug development.   You are curious and comfortable in 
a dynamic environment and embrace challenges to expand your expertise. Your proactive and creative approach enables you to drive initiatives and thoug
htfully navigate sophisticated issues, always keeping the needs of customers at the forefront.   Your outstanding presentation and communication skill
s in English are central and smoothly foster collaboration and unity across diverse teams.     If you enjoy working in cross-functional teams, applyin
g data analysis skills to develop creative solutions, and driving deliverables for clinical drug development, apply now!    Our commitment  Roche comm
its to recognising talent and aptitude. We prioritize encouraging and supporting our employees in their personal journeys by providing a safe, creativ
e space to help them reflect, make decisions and grow in their career. We are confident that we find the most innovative solutions by gaining differen
t perspectives, asking and answering hard questions, and challenging the status quo. Roche embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious yet e
nthusiastic way; we are devoted to building a team that represents a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the be
tter our work will be.     Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working to
gether, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Bas
el is the headquarters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countr
ies come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opport
unities, we offer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benef
it from multiple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   W
e believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves
 to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen J
ob melden


Data Platform ArchitectElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneData Pl
atform Architect About ELCA We are ELCA, one of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, 
Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius. Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants prov
ide tailor-made and standardized solutions to support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland.
 Our activity spans across multiples fields of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSec
urity.     You will work with business and software engineering teams to build data platforms from the ground up, driven by concrete business use case
s. You will guide teams through the end-to-end project lifecycle, covering the initial conception, business requirements, software architecture, imple
mentation, and flawless delivery. You will be acting as a technical lead and coach for the more junior team members.  You will provide technological a
nd architectural consulting to our clients, create strategic roadmaps, and advise on their execution.  You will support pre-sales on tender responses,
 proof-of-concept work, and the design of modern data platforms, both on premise and in the cloud. You will run group-wide thought leadership initiati
ves to advance our architectural practice and sustain our technical excellence.       A dynamic working environment with a young and highly motivated 
team Diverse opportunities to expand your knowledge and experience by working on a wide range of exciting projects, clients and technologies Attractiv
e prospects for career and personal development through training and coaching A flat hierarchy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines T
he chance to make a difference in people's lives by building great software Attractive perspectives for further professional and personal development 
with various internal career paths Work-life balance (41 hrs/wk in flexitime, possibility for home office, min. 25 days of holidays), ergonomic and fl
exible workplace in a multicultural environment Interesting benefits such as: Contribution to existing mobile phone or business mobile phone, 1/2- tax
 subscription and business travel by train with 1st class, attractive pension fund models, assumption of NBU (private, worldwide), sickness benefit in
surance as well as fleet discount.       8+ years of experience in designing and implementing large-scale data-intensive software solutions Hands-on e
xperience in architecting big data systems and analytical pipelines covering data collection, data preparation and storage, data analysis and serving 
to data scientists or business users Solid knowledge of integration patterns and best practices such as synchronous vs. asynchronous communications, R
ESTful APIs, messaging, publish-subscribe  Deep understanding of distributed systems, real-time vs. (micro-)batch processing and related design princi
ples and patterns Solid knowledge of data-centric patterns, data modelling, query optimization on several storage solutions among SQL databases, docum
ent stores, graph databases, time-series databases, data warehouses Experience with one or several distributed streaming / processing platforms such a
s Kafka, Spark or cloud-based alternatives  Strong experience with Cloud services on at least one of Azure, AWS, GCP Strong knowledge of best practice
s and tooling for CI/CD pipelines, DevOps, automation, agile methods, automated testing, code quality Good communication skills, fluent in French, and
 in English KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Distinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftCisco Systems (Switzerland) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:RolleDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - Outshift     Location:Rolle, S
witzerland     Alternate LocationZurich, Switzerland or Paris, France     Area of InterestEngineer - Software     Job TypeProfessional     Technology 
InterestAI or Artificial Intelligence, Software Development     Job Id1416115 Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. Th
is exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant 
position opens. Who We Are Who You'll Work With What You'll Do The Impact You’ll Make Your Responsibilities Will Include  Lead a team of applied scien
tists and drive applied ML initiatives across products. Drive the generative AI strategy and lead strategic initiatives to employ the most recent adva
nces in ML/AI including multimodal Large Language models (MLLMs) in a fast-paced, experimental environment and create differentiation. Lead developmen
t, implementation, and optimization of LLMs & MLLMs, including training, finetuning, and computational optimizations and deliver novel and highly impa
ctful features. Work with peer leaders in Outshift and wider Cisco Senior AI practitioners (PE, DE, Fellows) from other business groups to align strat
egies and collaborate on AI initiatives. Conduct research and develop innovative AI models using state-of-the-art techniques that include NLP, CV, tim
eseries, image, video, audio, and other modalities. Mentor applied scientists and holding us to a high standard of technical rigor and excellence in M
L. Provide guidance to the team on State-of-the-Art techniques and model architectures across generative AI.  Minimum Requirements  PhD in machine lea
rning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative fields and 10+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural langua
ge processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. OR Masters in machine learning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitat
ive fields and 14+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural language processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. 8+ years exp in
 Java, C++, Python, and other related languages. Practical experience in developing, training, deploying, evaluating AI models in real-world applicati
ons and knowledge of deep learning frameworks. Understanding and hands-on experience in (multimodal) large language models, natural language processin
g, computer vision, image processing, and generative AI techniques Proven track record of verbal and written communication skills.  Preferred Requirem
ents  Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art machine learning technologies like LLMs and MLLMs. Highly driven leader that is known to deliver in high g
rowth and highly dynamic environments. Be an advocate for creative technical trends. Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving cha
llenges, ensuring follow through. Extraordinarily resourceful & rigorous, and can operate successfully among forward-thinking and charismatic people. 
Equally comfortable and capable interacting with technologists as with business executives.  Why Cisco? WeAreCisco. We are all unique, but collectivel
y we bring our talents to work as a team, to develop innovative technology and power a more inclusive, digital future for everyone. How do we do it? W
ell, for starters – with people like you! Nearly every internet connection around the world touches Cisco. We’re the Internet’s optimists. Our technol
ogy makes sure the data travelling at light speed across connections does so securely, yet it’s not what we make but what we make happen which marks u
s out. We’re helping those who work in the health service to connect with patients and each other; schools, colleges and universities to teach in even
 the most challenging of times. We’re helping businesses of all shapes and size to connect with their employees and customers in new ways, providing p
eople with access to the digital skills they need and connecting the most remote parts of the world – whether through 5G, or otherwise. We tackle what
ever challenges come our way. We have each other’s backs, we recognize our accomplishments, and we grow together. We celebrate and support one another
 – from big and small things in life to big career moments. And giving back is in our DNA (we get 10 days off each year to do just that). We know that
 powering an inclusive future starts with us. Because without diversity and a dedication to equality, there is no moving forward. Our 30 Inclusive Com
munities, that bring people together around commonalities or passions, are leading the way. Together we’re committed to learning, listening, caring fo
r our communities, whilst supporting the most vulnerable with a collective effort to make this world a better place either with technology, or through
 our actions. So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Pass
ion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco li-ha1 LI-Remote When available, the salary range posted for this position reflect
s the projected hiring range for new hire, full-time salaries in U.S. and/or Canada locations, not including equity or benefits. For non-sales roles t
he hiring ranges reflect base salary only; employees are also eligible to receive annual bonuses. Hiring ranges for sales positions include base and i
ncentive compensation target. Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location and additional factors, including but not limited to ski
llset, experience, and relevant education, certifications, or training. Applicants may not be eligible for the full salary range based on their U.S. o
r Canada hiring location. The recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process. U.S. employ
ees have access to quality medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, short and long-term disability cove
rage, basic life insurance and numerous wellbeing offerings. Employees receive up to twelve paid holidays per calendar year, which includes one floati
ng holiday, plus a day off for their birthday. Employees accrue up to 20 days of Paid Time Off (PTO) each year and have access to paid time away to de
al with critical or emergency issues without tapping into their PTO. We offer additional paid time to volunteer and give back to the community. Employ
ees are also able to purchase company stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Program. Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay
 on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows: .
75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota; 1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%; 
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1
% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation. For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, 
Cisco may pay up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.Bewer
benJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scienst (m/w/d)Lonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:VispData Scienst (m/w/d) oday, L
onza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three continents. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our gr
eatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own
 their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of.  The Deviation management 
Team responsible for GMP documentation of Environmental monitoring (EM) and Clean Utilities Systems (CU). As a data scientist you will support the tea
m and facilitate the automation of routine reporting and documentation processes.   Key responsibilities:    Actively develop an R markdown Pipeline f
or EM/CU Trend reports   Coordinate the interface with IT regarding data management and integration   Work on innovation and automation projects    Le
ad data visualisation and statistical analyses of EM/CU data   Support complex investigations with data analytics and summary statistics   Development
 of Power BI dashboards   Teaching the team to use the pipeline or develop GUI (e.g. shiny app)    Key Qualifications:     Master's degree or PhD in a
 relevant discipline   Proficient in developing R scripts   Experience with R markdown reports   Basic knowledge of GMP    Good understanding of micro
biological data   Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills   Good communication skills in an interdisciplinary environment   Good coding 
practice   Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but also
 a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect our
 people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically.   People come to Lonza for the challenge and creat
ivity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all 
around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference Reference: R59205 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Computer Science for Circular ConstructionETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:ZürichPhD position in Computer Science for Circular ConstructionPhD position in Computer Science for Circular Construction 100%, Zurich, fixed-
term The Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) is seeking a highly motivated and qualified PhD candidate in the field of digital techno
logies for circular economy in the construction sector. You will join a dynamic research team working on innovative approaches to enhance circular con
struction practices. This position offers a unique opportunity to contribute to the development of tools and strategies that promote circular manageme
nt of building components and projects, enabling a more sustainable and regenerative built environment. Job description The selected candidate will be
 involved in developing a new service for circular information management for construction elements and reality capture in existing buildings using co
mputer vision and machine learning. It operates at the intersection of computer science, civil engineering, and architecture. Your responsibilities wi
ll include the development of both theoretical concepts and practical tools for the construction sector. Additionally, you are responsible for the dev
elopment of theoretical concepts, automated workflows and algorithms, together with industry and research consortium partners in Switzerland. The expl
oration of implementation possibilities, validation and testing of proposed and developed solutions in pilot projects are also part of your expertise.
 As well as the engagement and collaboration with stakeholders such as construction companies, standardization bodies, consultants, and other industry
 partners to promote the adoption of the developed tools. Furthermore, the active participation in research activities, including publishing scientifi
c papers and presenting findings at conferences and workshops, and the supervision of Master, and/or Bachelor students are your responsibility. Your p
rofile  Bachelor in computer science, electrical engineering or related fields, and Master in computer science, architecture, engineering (civil, envi
ronmental), or life cycle assessment with strong IT skills Strong research skills with an understanding of circular economy practices Knowledge and ex
perience in data analysis and database management, optimization, platforms and marketplace development, computer vision and machine learning Excellent
 organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize effectively, while also fostering interdisciplinary collaboration Str
ong communication and writing skills in English, enabling effective collaboration and the preparation of scientific publications and reports Fluency i
n spoken and written English is a requirement. The ability to work with industry partners in German is a plus Ability to work in a team and together w
ith industry partners Take initiative, be results-oriented, organized, and creative  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Joining our research teams
 offers a stimulating and collaborative environment, with a competitive salary and opportunities for professional growth and interaction with internat
ional experts in the field of circular construction, computer science and ecological systems. The position is full-time (100%) and is offered on a fix
ed-term basis. The initial contract duration is 1.5 years, with a possibility of a 3.5-year extension based on performance evaluation. We value divers
ity Curious? So are we. Your application should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name
). The application process is now open and will last until 15.05.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter
 (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A short position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography
) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Nam
e, phone number, and email address of two referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video explaining how you would address research on dig
ital technologies for circular construction (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in th
e rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be considered. Please note that we exclusively accept applications subm
itted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us
 via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Constructio
n & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that
 are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Your application should conta
in the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open and will last 
until 15.05.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A s
hort position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses 
completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of two referees in
 PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video explaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular construction (please u
pload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that
 is not complete will not be considered. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applicat
ions via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). Mor
e information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Depart
ment of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the 
position will not be answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior cloud data engineerElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfSenior clo
ud data engineer About ELCA We are ELCA, one of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, 
Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius. Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants prov
ide tailor-made and standardized solutions to support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland.
 Our activity spans across multiples fields of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSec
urity.    For the Data Analytics and AI business line, we are looking for a motivated Data Engineer, with experience in the implementation of complex 
distributed IT environments processing or integrating large amounts of data. That is competencies in big data technologies such as Apache Spark, MPP, 
relational databases and data architecture. Ideal candidate should have experience of cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS, or GCP) and devops knowledge. 
     You will work with business and software engineering teams to design and build modern/agile data integration platforms from the ground up, driven
 by concrete business use cases. You will participate to teams through the end-to-end project lifecycle, covering the initial conception, business req
uirements, software architecture, implementation, and flawless delivery. You will be acting as an experienced professional and as a coach for the more
 junior team members. You work with business analysts and data scientists to understand and implement their use cases. You will support pre-sales on t
ender responses, proof-of-concept work, and the design of modern/agile data integration platforms, both on premise and in the cloud You will participa
te to group-wide thought leadership initiatives to advance our data & integration platform practice and sustain our technical excellence.       A dyna
mic working environment with a young and highly motivated team Diverse opportunities to expand your knowledge and experience by working on a wide rang
e of exciting projects, clients and technologies Attractive prospects for career and personal development through training and coaching A flat hierarc
hy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines The chance to make a difference in people's lives by building great software Attractive persp
ectives for further professional and personal development with various internal career paths Work-life balance (41 hrs/wk in flexitime, possibility fo
r home office, min. 25 days of holidays), ergonomic and flexible workplace in a multicultural environment Interesting benefits such as: Contribution t
o existing mobile phone or business mobile phone, 1/2- tax subscription and business travel by train with 1st class, attractive pension fund models, a
ssumption of NBU (private, worldwide), sickness benefit insurance as well as fleet discount.       4+ years of experience in designing and implementin
g data platforms. Expert in data engineering, covering data collection, preparation/transformation, and serving to end users. Strong SQL expertise is 
required. Strong knowledge of Agile methodologies, DevOps and tooling for CI/CD pipelines, automation, infrastructure as code, automated testing, code
 quality Experience with one of the Hyperscaler Clouds (AWS, GCP, Azure), with Snowflake or Databricks. A certification on one of those is a big plus.
 Knowledge of data federation, data mesh and data product concepts. Good understanding of distributed systems, real-time vs. (micro-)batch processing 
and related design principles and patterns Good communication skills, fluent in French, and in English KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJo
b merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Data Platform EngineerElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichCloud 
Data Platform Engineer Über ELCA Wir sind ELCA, einer der grössten Schweizer IT-Stämme mit über 2'200 Experten. Wir sind multikulturell und haben Nied
erlassungen in der Schweiz, Spanien, Italien, Frankreich, Vietnam und Mauritius. Seit 1968 bietet unser Team aus Ingenieuren, Business-Analysten, Soft
ware-Architekten, Designern und Beratern massgeschneiderte und standardisierte Lösungen an, um die digitale Transformation von grossen öffentlichen Ve
rwaltungen und privaten Unternehmen in der Schweiz zu unterstützen. Unsere Tätigkeit erstreckt sich über mehrere Bereiche von Spitzentechnologien wie 
KI, Machine & Deep Learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT und CyberSecurity.    ELCA ist mit über 2000 Spezialisten einer der grössten unabhängigen IT 
Dienstleister in der Schweiz.  Unser Business Line Business Intelligence und Big Data ist verantwortlich für die Bereitstellung von Technologieplattfo
rmen, die das Wachstum unserer Kunden fördert. Die zahlreichen exklusiven Projekte unterscheiden sich in Ausprägung, Branchen und Unternehmen.  Wir su
chen jemanden, mit Erfahrung in der Implementierung von komplexen verteilten Computerumgebungen, welche grosse Datenmengen verarbeiten. Idealerweise j
emand, der mit Big Data-Technologien wie Hadoop, Spark, MPP- und NoSQL-Datenbanken vertraut ist.     Als Big Data Engineer arbeitest du in mehreren Te
ams eng mit u.a. Data Engineers, -Architects und -Scientists zusammen, um hochmoderne Data Analytics-Plattformen aufzubauen und zu betreiben. Die Roll
e kombiniert technische Fähigkeiten in Big Data-Ökosystemen mit Fokus auf OS-Software und Cloud-Infrastruktur.  Du beteiligst dich an mehreren Big Dat
a-Projekten Du bist mitverantwortlich für Design, Code, Konfiguration wie auch von Komponenten welche Data Ingestion, Echtzeit-Streaming, Batch Proces
sing, Datenextraktion, Transformation über mehrere Datenquellen und Anwendungen hinweg verwalten. Du coachst andere Teammitglieder in neuartige Techno
logien Du interagierst mit Engineering-Teams über Projekte hinweg und stellst sicher, dass Deine Lösungen die Kundenanforderungen in Bezug auf Funktio
nalität, Leistung, Verfügbarkeit, Skalierbarkeit, Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit erfüllen Du arbeitest mit Business Analysten und Data Scientists zusa
mmen, um deren Use Cases zu verstehen und zu unterstützen       Ein dynamisches Arbeitsumfeld mit einem jungen und hochmotivierten Team Vielfältige Mö
glichkeiten, Dein Wissen und Deine Erfahrung durch die Arbeit an einer breiten Palette an spannenden Projekten, Kunden und Technologien zu erweitern A
ttraktive Perspektiven für Karriere und persönliche Entwicklung durch Training und Coaching Eine flache Hierarchie und eine Kultur der Zusammenarbeit 
über alle Disziplinen hinweg Die Chance, durch den Aufbau grossartiger Software etwas im Leben der Menschen zu verändern Attraktive Perspektiven für d
ie weitere berufliche und persönliche Entwicklung mit verschiedenen internen Karrierepfaden Work-Life-Balance (41 Std/W in Gleitzeit, Möglichkeit für 
Homeoffice, mind. 25 Ferientage), ergonomischer und flexibler Arbeitsplatz in einem multikulturellen Umfeld Interessante Benefits wie z.B.: Beitrag an
 bestehendes Mobiltelefon oder Business Handy, 1/2- Tax Abonnement und geschäftlich unterwegs im Zug mit 1. Klasse, attraktive Pensionskassenmodelle, 
Übernahme der NBU (privat, weltweit), fortschrittliche Kranktaggeldversicherung sowie Flottenrabatt       Technischer Hochschulabschluss ETH/UNI/FH mi
t Programmiererfahrung in Java, Python oder Scala Implementierungsfertigkeiten mit Big Data-Technologien wie Spark, Kafka, Hadoop oder DeltaLake Erfah
rung in der Bereitstellung und Automatisierung von Cloud-Lösungen mithilfe von Azure, GCP, AWS, Kubernetes oder Terraform Know-how in SQL- und NoSQL-D
atenbanken, z. B. Postgres, Snowflake, Databricks oder SQL Server Kenntnisse Software-Engineering-Best Practices des gesamten Entwicklungszyklus, inkl
. Codierungsstandards, Code-Reviews, Quellcodeverwaltung, Build-Prozesse, Tests und Betrieb Fliessend in Deutsch und Englisch KontaktELCA Informatique
 SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data & AI Consultant Scigility AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Arbeitsort:Freiburg / FribourgWoul
d you like to use your knowledge of data architecture in challenging projects? From pre-sales consulting to strategy development and workshop manageme
nt - here you can really play a significant role.  Who needs your support? At Scigility, academic and practical expertise come together to form a uniq
ue data & AI service offering - for diverse and cross-industry clients in Switzerland and across Europe. Together, we define, build and operate integr
ated holistic data & AI platforms, develop applications to gain new insights into customers' data and provide support within the legal framework. Clos
e collaborations with universities and technology providers keep the SME at the cutting edge of innovation. But the true heart of Scigility is a uniqu
e team, consisting of highly motivated engineers with diverse backgrounds, unique personalities and a shared passion for data. We reshape them, create
 based on experience and past data insights, and empower our customers for the future. We pursue this mission in an environment with flat hierarchies 
and agile working methods, which requires maximum self-organisation and personal responsibility. Overall, we form a strong team that supports and list
ens to each other. Your colleagues are just a quick message away from you - working from home is an integral part of our multicultural team. How you m
ake an impact Do you want to be part of an interdisciplinary team, be involved in decision-making and contribute your own ideas? As a Senior Data Arch
itecture Consultant you can expect a varied field of activity with great development potential. Using your personality and technical knowledge, you wi
ll help to create innovations from data and prepare exciting customers for future challenges. That's why you make big things happen:  You advise clien
ts regarding their strategy, data architecture and data management in order to develop data-driven business solutions. You are responsible for carryin
g out requirements analyses and selecting suitable platforms, as well as designing system and application architectures. You are an important interfac
e to the technical teams, supporting them in the development, testing, and deployment of proposed solutions from your consultative perspective. You wi
ll also support your customers with your advice during the pre-sales process. You organize and manage customer projects by using agile methods, for ex
ample in the role of SCRUM Master. You organize tech sessions to promote the internal exchange of knowledge.  That makes you the ideal candidate  You 
have a university degree in computer science or comparable experience. In addition, you have at least 5 years of professional experience as a consulta
nt in a similar field. You have experience in the development of data strategies and data architectures (Data Mesh, Lakehouse, etc.) based on a broad 
understanding of technology (Databricks, Azure, etc.). In addition, you have a good understanding of programming concepts and good knowledge of at lea
st one important language (Java or Python). You also enjoy visiting your customers on site. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Germa
n (or French) and English complete your profile.  Optional superhero skills:  You have a good overview of current trends in the IT industry and know h
ow to put them into practice in customer projects (machine learning, cloud native, containerization, or similar). You have teaching and coaching skill
s. You have experience in data governance with a focus on standards, organization, and processes.  Benefits   Continuous learning   Invest up to 20% o
f your working time in your personal development and education - at the company's expense   Remote work options   Enjoy the freedom to work from anywh
ere in Switzerland and to experience the benefits of remote working   Fairness   Transparent salary structures and remuneration including profit shari
ng   Your own IT equipment   Create your working environment with an annual budget for IT and home office equipment   Everyone is equal   You can expe
ct diversity, multiculturalism, and equal opportunities for all   There is (almost) no boss   You can look forward to flat hierarchies, plenty of free
dom and an active exchange within the team   The world is yours   Flexible working hours, a great deal of autonomy and individual responsibility    Pr
ofessional development   Plan your career with a clear development path   Great Team   You are part of a diverse team with different perspectives and 
experiences as well as monthly company meetings that promote a positive team culture  Patrice Bubas KontaktScigility Switzerland AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www
.scigility.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:Bern2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Institution: NCCR PlanetS and Center for Space and Habitability (C
SH), BernStart: Summer / Autumn 2024, negotiable, 4 years NCCR PlanetS and CSH We seek qualified candidates for two 4-year PhD positions in exoplanet 
science in the research group of Prof. Yann Alibert (University of Bern), focusing on the formation, composition and architecture of planetary systems
, in particular with the help of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI). The PhD positions are part of the National Centre of Competen
ce in Research (NCCR) PlanetS and the Centre for Space and Habitability (University of Bern). There will be frequent interaction with the TAPS group (
Theoretical Astrophysics and Planetary Science) at the University of Bern (Prof. Yann Alibert and Prof. Chistoph Mordasini). PlanetS is a large nation
al framework in Switzerland that brings together Swiss efforts in planetary and exoplanetary science in Bern, Geneva and Zurich. More information abou
t our research group, the CSH and the NCCR can be found using the links above.  2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning    Tasks The
 scientific objectives of the two PhD projects are to study the emergence of planetary system architecture and the uniqueness of the architecture of t
he Solar System. The work will be based on population synthesis models of planetary system formation developed in our group over the last two decades 
and their analysis using ML and AI. Beyond solar system formation, a major goal of the two PhDs is linked to current and future observational projects
 (e.g. CHEOPS, PLATO, LIFE, ground-based survey with e.g. ESPRESSO) aiming at the discovery and characterisation of exo-Earths. Frequent interactions 
with members of the above-mentioned observational projects in PlanetS are foreseen.   Requirements The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's or maste
r's degree in physics, astrophysics, planetary science or equivalent. Experience with data analysis, ML and AI methods is an advantage. Candidates sho
uld be enthusiastic, persistent, communicative and willing to integrate into the teams in Bern and the Swiss landscape (PlanetS, CSH and TAPS). The re
search will consist of a combination of numerical modelling of the physics of planetary system formation and analysis of the results using ML and AI m
ethods.   We offer The formal appointment will be for 4 years at the University of Bern. There will be a standard first year of probation. The annual 
salary is determined by a matrix provided by the Swiss National Fund. Child allowance and maternity/paternity leave are offered. Sufficient funds are 
available for travel, publications and computers. The successful candidate will participate in group meetings, journal clubs, research discussions, at
tend seminars and colloquia, interact with research visitors, travel to conferences, etc., both in Bern and in the NCCR PlanetS. The starting date is 
expected to be summer/autumn 2024 and is negotiable.   Application To apply, please send a letter of motivation including a personal statement (max. 1
 page), a curriculum vitae (max. 2 pages), a list of publications (if applicable), undergraduate and graduate transcripts and a covering letter (1 pag
e). The complete application should be sent  as a single pdf file to Yann Alibert (E-Mail schreiben). It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure t
hat 2-3 letters of recommendation are also sent directly to Yann Alibert by the deadline of 15 June 2024. The University of Bern is an equal opportuni
ty employer and we particularly encourage applications from female researchers.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Scientific Software Engineer - Data Analysis (EP-SFT-2024-55-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Apr
il 2024Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfScientific Software Engineer - Data Analysis (EP-SFT-2024-55-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the Eur
opean Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and
 most complex scientific instruments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close t
o the speed of light. The process gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find
 out more on http://home.cern.     Job Description    Introduction  Work with us to develop the future of data analysis, processing, machine learning 
and statistical interpretation of HEP data at CERN in the ROOT project, taking advantage of hardware accelerators. Join CERN's SFT group in the Experi
mental Physics Department as an applied Physicist for a unique challenge as the next step in your career. CERN, take part! The CERN EP-SFT Group, the 
common software development unit of the Experimental Physics Department, is leading the development of ROOT, an open-source framework for storing, pro
cessing, analysing and visualising of data at Exabyte scale. ROOT is a large scientific code base and an open-source project, at the heart of the soft
ware stacks of LHC experiments. Its development is collaborative, driven by collaborators from all around the world and CERN, based on code reviews, c
ontinuous integration as well as well-planned issue-based work.  Functions  As a Scientific Software Engineer, you will:  Maintain, develop and promot
e the ROOT analysis interface, adapting and evolving it to the needs of experiments and user community, with the objective to prepare it for the data 
volumes expected in the HL-LHC era. Guarantee top runtime performance of ROOT data analysis and processing components, also through the expression of 
parallelism in all forms, including the exploitation of hardware accelerators such as GPUs. Curate a simple and powerful programming model, supported 
by ergonomic interfaces, interoperable between the Python and C++ languages. Take part in the overall project organization, such as the plan of work, 
arranging for workshops, and representing the project and its vision. Engage with ROOT's worldwide user community, foster collaboration, in the SFT gr
oup, EP department and CERN, as well as external contributions, e.g. from laboratories and universities. Mentor and guide team members and coordinate 
tasks relevant to the ROOT project. Contribute to the baseline activities relative to the ROOT project and the SFT group at large.      Qualifications
   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relevant experience in the field of Experimental Particle Physics or Computer Science or a related field.  Exp
erience:  The candidate should have experience in some of these areas:  High Energy Physics data analysis and/or processing within an experiment. High
-performance software development (C++ and Python), also leveraging GPUs (CUDA). Large collaborative software projects, relying on continuous integrat
ion, code reviews, as well as issue-based work. Tools and methods that support all phases of the life-cycle of large scientific code bases, in particu
lar design, coding, testing, and optimization of software performance. Track record of scientific publications and high-level communication (for insta
nce through invited conference presentations).  The following domains will be regarded as assets:  Proficiency in statistics, Monte Carlo event genera
tion, and machine learning applications for High Energy Physics will be advantageous. Experience in supervising and managing external contributors wil
l be advantageous.   Technical competencies:   Analysis and interpretation of experimental data Conceptualising, designing and developing user experie
nces and interfaces Knowledge and application of software life-cycle tools and procedures, including integration build and test. Knowledge of programm
ing techniques and languages: c++, Python and CUDA, as well as parallel programming techniques. Testing, diagnosing and optimization of software   Beh
avioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured and organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with 
results in mind. Learning and Sharing Knowledge: sharing knowledge and expertise freely and willingly with others; coaching others to ensure knowledge
 transfer. Demonstrating Flexibility: adapting quickly and resourcefully to shifting priorities and requirements. Communicating Effectively: expressin
g opinions, ideas and suggestions with conviction and in a logical/structured manner; keeping to the point.   Language skills:  Spoken and written Eng
lish: ability to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical specifications and/or scientific reports and
 to make oral presentations. Basic knowledge of French or an undertaking to acquire it.     Additional Information    Eligibility and closing date:   
Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workfo
rce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as poss
ible, and applications should normally reach us no later than 22.05.2024.  Employment Conditions  Contract type: Limited duration contract (3 years). 
Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. These functions require:  Work during night
s, Sundays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: EP-SFT-2024-55-LD Benchmark Job Title
: Applied Physicist BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Clinical Data ManagerSymbios Orthopédie S.A.BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Yverdon-les-BainsC
linical Data ManagerTo strengthen our Clinical Affairs team in Switzerland, we are currently looking for a Clinical Data Manager Job description: The 
Clinical Data Manager supports the department by executing sponsored clinical studies, from clinical data collection in clinical studies to delivery o
f statistical analysis in support of regulatory activities. Its role is to evaluate dataflows and data integrity according to the EU Medical Device Re
gulation, and to establish the data management activities to ensure the delivery of high quality data and adherence to study milestones. Clinical Data
 Manager also expands the scope of Data Management beyond the study construct by requiring the ability to generate knowledge and insights from clinica
l data to support other clinical research activities which requires different expertise, approaches, and technologies. This is a pivotal role which ha
s been set to support the Clinical Affairs team in Clinical Research, Post-Market Surveillance and Clinical Evaluation activities, where required, and
 based on priorities. Responsibilities:  Support operational execution of global clinical trials following ISO 14155 requirements Develop and review k
ey deliverables such as Case Report Form, Data Management Plan, Data Validation Plan writing and programming, Data Transfer Agreement, in compliance w
ith international regulatory guidelines and internal SOPs. Perform and oversee the development and validation of the clinical database, execution of t
he user acceptance testing, data cleaning and quality control. Review and provide feedback on key clinical study documents to support the Clinical Aff
airs Manager Ensure operational support of clinical study teams including the follow up on open action items Act as the primary point of contact for D
ata Management with the study teams, CRO and external vendors, the Data Scientist will coordinate the data management activities for outsourced clinic
al studies. Design and specify data reporting needs and dashboard to ensure high quality data acquisition and smooth data review. Support the Clinical
 Affairs Manager to allow timely responses to Notified Bodies, Competent Authority, physicians, and other stakeholders involved in Clinical activities
. Provide continuous scientific and process improvement (ex. SOPs, WI, Forms.)  Qualifications & Required Knowledge, skills & Experience:  Master’s de
gree in Medical Technology, Life Sciences, Clinical Affairs, or Engineering (or equivalent work experience in similar function) Good knowledge of the 
ISO 14155 requirements as well as EU Medical Device Regulation (EU) 2017/745 and European Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC Minimum 7 years of experi
ence in a similar position, including at least 3 years of experience in a medical device field specifically with data management and clinical affairs 
Strong organizational and planning skills, action oriented, focus urgency and drive for results Ability to work autonomously, exercise daily judgment 
based on above regulatory knowledge Orientation for work result details, with emphasis on accuracy and completeness Fluent in English (minimum C1) and
 intermediate French level are required Good general computer literacy (PC, Microsoft Word/Excel/PowerPoint, Outlook) Ability to cope with high worklo
ad and pressure Solution-oriented and performance-minded working method Ability to travel occasionally KontaktSymbios Orthopédie S.A.(0)4 JobsBewerben
Job merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Platform Engineer (m/f/d) 80% - 100%Digitec Galaxus AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Dezember 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Platform Engineer (m/f/d) 80% - 100%Zurück zur ÜbersichtAuf diese Stelle bewerben (Senior) Data Platform Engineer 
(m/f/d) Zürich 80% - 100% Product Development Englisch Do you want to work on the largest online shop in Switzerland in an exclusive team of data engi
neers? Team Empire is looking for a Senior Data Platform Engineer. As a Senior Data Platform Engineer, you lead the designing, implementing, and maint
aining of our data platform components on the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). You work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure the smooth operation
 of our data systems and enable efficient data processing, storage, and analysis. You ensure the optimal software design of our products. Aufgaben Dri
ve the design, development, and operation of scalable data platform solutions. Enable data scientists, data analysts, and machine learning engineers t
o discover, ingest and exchange data. Implement federated data governance measures with support of our Data Architect and our Data Protection Officer.
 As part of a Scrum team, you are responsible for independently driving the domain forward and helping to shape our vision, roadmap, and features. Sta
y up to date with emerging technologies and industry trends to continuously enhance our data platform. Anforderungen A higher specialized education in
 the field of computer science (ETH/UNI/FH). At least 3 years of experience as a Data Platform Engineer or equivalent. At least 5 years of professiona
l experience in Python programming and familiar with software design best practices. DevOps skills, including hands-on experience with CI/CD, infrastr
ucture automation, configuration management, and deployment tools (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Airflow). Solid understanding of cloud technologies (ideal
ly GCP and BigQuery), distributed systems and data processing frameworks (e.g., Spark), and stream processing frameworks (e.g. Kafka, Flink) Experienc
e in designing and building large-scale data platforms utilising infrastructure as code (IaC), such as Terraform, and familiar with data warehouse sol
utions and ETL/ELT processes & tools. Excellent communication and teamwork abilities in English, German is a plus. Unser Angebot A chance to work on a
 cutting-edge data platform (see TechRadar) and concepts like data mesh and streaming in a company that deeply lives by the platform mindset A motivat
ed and humorous team that likes direct and uncomplicated communication Many opportunities to develop professionally, such as workshops, brown bag lunc
hes, guilds and of course our EDU points Opportunity to take part in various fun events such as hackathons, hiking, skiing, LAN parties, or Friday nig
ht drinks After-work events and drinks in the in-house café-bar "Pause" & special prices on our entire range (Digitec & Galaxus) You can flexibly arra
nge your working hours and locations - home office and remote work are here to stay Company culture that's driven by rapid failure and learning - Our 
Values Want to know more about us? Go to our tech blog here Auf diese Stelle bewerben ArbeitsspracheEnglisch Arbeitspensum80% - 100% Standort Digitec 
Galaxus AG Pfingstweidstrasse 60bCH-8005 Zürich Ähnliche Stellen Berufsbezeichnung Arbeitspensum StandortiOS Software Engineer (m/f/d)80% - 100%Produc
t DevelopmentZürichProduct Owner (m/w/d)Online Shop / Shop Discovery80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichTeamlead Software Engineering80% - 100%Product 
DevelopmentZürichData Analytics Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Junior) Software Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Senior) Relev
ance Engineer (m/f/d)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Senior) Software Engineer (m/w/d)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichSoftware Architect (m/w/d
)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichTechnical Product Owner Network & Cloud80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichSoftware Engineer DevOps (m/f/d)80% - 10
0%Product DevelopmentZürichFullstack Software Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich Hinter den KulissenCarousel überspringen Werde Teil unserer 
Firma. Und bleib wer du bist. Gemeinsame Werte sind entscheidend für langfristigen Erfolg - davon sind wir überzeugt. Eine starke Firmenkultur ist uns
 darum wichtiger als starre Richtlinien oder Reglemente.Unsere WerteFirmenportrait KontaktDigitec Galaxus AG(16)23 Jobshttps://www.digitec.chBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist internPhilip Morris Services India SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausann
eData Scientist internDetails Contract Full-Time Location Lausanne, Switzerland Department Information Technology Openings 2 Job ID 57771860 Be a part
 of a revolutionary change! Times are changing at PMI. We’ve chosen to do something big. The world expects us to act responsibly. And we are doing jus
t that by transforming our business and building our future on one clear purpose – to deliver a smoke-free future. This transformation will revolution
ize every area of our business. The products we sell. Where we sell them. How they’re manufactured and delivered. The way we talk to our customers and
 engage with society. It’s the perfect setting place to start your career. As you take your first steps, you’ll have the backing of a multinational bu
siness combined with the freedom of a start-up. You’ll bring a positive mindset and fresh perspective to projects that can make a huge difference to s
o many. About the team: The Digital Product Innovation group drives product innovation by exploiting the expertise of the Digital Solutions Product Ca
tegory Management team. This group supports business teams from ideation to product brief, providing digital leadership and expertise, technology inno
vation, and de-risking technologies, including rapid prototyping. Project Description: This project aims to use natural language processing algorithms
 to classify and analyze big data from PMI. The project will involve applying both traditional supervised learning algorithms and state-of-the-art GPT
 algorithms to PMI’s internal data. The goal is to gain insights and understanding from the data through the use of NLP techniques. The project will i
nvolve collaboration with team members and stakeholders to ensure the analysis meets the project’s goals and provides valuable insights. This project 
presents an exciting opportunity to explore the potential of NLP algorithms in the analysis of big data. Roles & Objectives: The student’s role would 
be to run and customize several NLP algorithms on the internal data of PMI. Their objectives would include: • Understand project requirements and scop
e to tailor NLP solutions effectively. • Conducting research and analysis on the internal data of PMI to develop the NLP algorithms. • Develop, fine-t
une, and test NLP algorithms that extract valuable insights from textual information. • Propose robust AWS architectures to efficiently run NLP script
s. • Benchmark the performance of the model & continuously refine and enhance algorithm performance. • Collaborating with team members and stakeholder
s to ensure the algorithm meets the project’s goals. • Documenting work and presenting findings to the team. The student would be expected to work ind
ependently, think critically, and possess strong problem-solving skills. They would also be expected to communicate effectively with team members and 
stakeholders. Who we’re looking for: We seek an enthusiastic student who embodies curiosity, creativity, and technical prowess. Here’s the ideal candi
date: • Available from mid-July to February • Educational Background: A strong foundation in computer science, mathematics, or a related field. • NLP 
Passion: Deep knowledge of machine learning and natural language processing techniques. • Coding Skills: Proficiency in Python is essential. Familiari
ty with libraries like NLTK, scikit-learn, and TensorFlow is a big plus. • Experience: Prior exposure to NLP projects or research is highly desirable.
 • Independence and Critical Thinking: You’ll have the autonomy to explore, innovate, and solve complex problems. • Effective Communication: Collabora
te seamlessly with team members and stakeholders. What we offer • Hands-On Experience: The student will gain practical experience in their field of st
udy, contributing to their professional growth. • Skill Enhancement: Opportunities to learn and apply new skills, including exposure to real-world sce
narios. • Networking and Mentorship: Interaction with experienced professionals within the organization. • Flexible Work Environment: A supportive wor
k environment that respects academic commitments. • Project Exposure: Involvement in projects that contribute to the organization’s goals. Our success
 depends on our talented employees who come to work here every single day with a sense of purpose and an appetite for progress. Join PMI and you too c
an: Seize the freedom to shape your future and ours. We’ll empower you to take risks, experiment and explore. Be part of an inclusive, diverse culture
, where everyone’s contribution is respected; collaborate with some of the world’s best people and feel like you belong. Pursue your ambitions and dev
elop your skills with a global business –our staggering size and scale provides endless opportunities to progress. Take pride in delivering our promis
e to society: to deliver a smoke-free future. PMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Apply Related jobs Other jobs available Senior Solution Architect -
 Data & Segmentation  Information Technology FULL-TIME London,United Kingdom  InfoSec Operational Excellence Specialist  Information Technology FULL-T
IME London,United Kingdom  Project Coordinator innovation intern  Operations FULL-TIME Neuchatel,Switzerland  Project/Program Manager P&C IT  Informat
ion Technology FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland  Illicit Trade Prevention Data Analyst  Legal, Ethics & Compliance FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland  Customer Care Devel
opment Intern  Consumer FULL-TIME Lausanne,Switzerland  Senior Site Reliability Engineer  Information Technology FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland KontaktPhilip
 Morris International(1)15 Jobshttps://www.pmicareers.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager – Forensic Technology / Discovery & Data Management Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pensum:10
0%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Französisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Switzerland   Help our 
clients with Forensics investigations   Deloitte Forensic is one of the largest forensic advisory practices in Switzerland. We assist clients across a
 broad spectrum of industries by providing specialist advice relating to fraud, anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering and regulatory inve
stigations. Our work frequently involves highly sensitive engagements, which gain regulatory scrutiny and media attention.  We are currently expanding
 our forensic practice and are seeking talented, highly motivated, and innovative practitioners with strong managerial experience in the area of inves
tigations, regulatory enquiries, disputes, data separation/integration and artificial intelligence applied to these fields.  Our team is looking for p
eople passionate about seeking and developing a career within our Discovery & Data Management team. eDiscovery, Technology-Driven Investigations, Data
 Services for M&A and AI-Empowered Knowledge Discovery from unstructured data is our core expertise.     How you can make an impact     Participate in
 complex cross-border eDiscovery & Investigation projects and take responsibility for technology and analytics workstreams across the entire eDiscover
y project lifecyle (data collection, processing, review support and production).   Support and advise Clients to plan and execute large scale unstruct
ured data separation and integration in the context of M&A.  Create new ways of accelerating and enabling knowledge discovery workflows by leveraging 
state-of-the-art AI approaches.  Develop relationships, establish credibility, and instill confidence in clients, enabling them to react confidently i
n a crisis or investigation by leveraging Deloitte’s global network, deep industry experience, and advanced analytical technology.  Lead engagements a
nd provide strategic direction to the team to deliver a superior client experience.  Actively manage the Firm’s risk from take-on activities through t
o completion of engagements.  Develop the team through constant coaching, monitoring and feedback, providing challenging goals and ensuring team membe
rs have the skills, knowledge and opportunities to grow.       Who we are looking for     Masters Degree in Computer Science, Natural Science, Enginee
ring, Information Technology or other related majors.  10+ years of Big4 experience in managing eDiscovery, Investigations, Analytics projects, includ
ing planning, execution and controlling.  Technology background, a proven record in data analysis, and an in-depth knowledge of SQL and programming la
nguages (e.g., Python). Applied NLP techniques experience is a plus (Predictive Coding, LLM).  Project management skills and the ability to prioritize
 when working on multiple engagements.  Negotiation and influencing skills, and the confidence to communicate complex technical concepts to a wide ran
ge of audiences.  English and German or French. Any other language is a plus.       Your team   Become part of a diverse, multinational and highly mot
ivated team of 40+. We will help you grow both personally and professionally: through our trainings, mentoring programmes and on-the-job learning, but
 also by connecting with your colleagues across all business lines.     Careers at Deloitte. Choose your impact.    At Deloitte, your ideas create imp
act and spark meaningful change for our clients, people and society. Your unique expertise, background and perspective helps us find new ways into the
 most complex challenges so we can brighten the futures of those our work affects. At Deloitte, you can build a career that inspires and energises you
. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Switzerland, we provide industry-specific services in the areas of Audit & Assurance, Consulting, Fina
ncial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With more than 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve companies and organisations of all sizes in a
ll industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challenging work, an inclusive and supportive environment where you can be your best self and where you w
ill never stop growing. You will benefit from flexible and hybrid working conditions, wellbeing and parental programmes as well as many opportunities 
to connect, collaborate and learn.   Join us and become part of a global network of like-minded people dedicated to making a difference, whether by  a
ddressing climate change   or improving 100 million futures by 2030. Want to know more about opportunities at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/car
eers  .      How to apply    We look forward to hearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a complete application, including CV, cover le
tter, references and degree certificates.   If you have any questions, please contact Lucrezia at  Write an email  *We consider all qualified applican
ts for employment regardless of race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age or disability, i
n accordance with applicable law. Research shows that women are less likely to apply for roles unless they match all the criteria; don’t hold yourself
 back – apply today.   We do not accept applications from recruitment agencies for this position.   Deloitte AG and Deloitte Consulting AG are Swiss s
ubsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, the DTTL member firm in the United Kingdom.    Requisition code: 15311     KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 Jobshttps://www.deloi
tte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist 80 - 100%Kanton ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Scientist
 80 - 100%Data Scientist 80 - 100% Die Zürcher Staatsanwaltschaft ist zuständig für die Verfolgung von Straftaten von erwachsenen Personen im gesamten
 Kanton Zürich. Für unsere spezialisierte Staatsanwaltschaft II in Zürich suchen wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine/n Data Scientist (80-100%)
. Damit beschäftigst Du dich: In dieser neu geschaffenen Stelle unterstützt Du die Staatsanwältinnen und Staatsanwälte der Staatsanwaltschaft II bei d
er Aufbereitung und Analyse von Daten in komplexen Strafverfahren im Umfeld von Betäubungsmittel- und organisierter Kriminalität sowie Cybercrime: • D
u erstellst anspruchsvolle Datenanalysen (Bildverarbeitung, Sprachverarbeitung etc.) für die Beweisführung • Du hilfst dabei, Datenauswertungsprozesse
 im Untersuchungsverfahren zu verbessern • Du identifizierst Chancen, KI-basierte Lösungsansätze zeitgemäss für die Strafverfolgung zu nutzen • Du füh
rst Deine Projekte konzeptionell und operativ selbständig • Du erstellst anspruchsvolle Datenanalysen (Bildverarbeitung, Sprachverarbeitung etc.) für 
die Beweisführung • Du hilfst dabei, Datenauswertungsprozesse im Untersuchungsverfahren zu verbessern • Du identifizierst Chancen, KI-basierte Lösungs
ansätze zeitgemäss für die Strafverfolgung zu nutzen • Du führst Deine Projekte konzeptionell und operativ selbständig Damit passt Du zu uns: • Du ver
fügst über einen Hochschulabschluss oder einer Fachhochschule, idealerweise in Richtung Natur-, Informations- oder Sozialwissenschaften • Du bringst B
erufserfahrung aus der Datenanalyse und -verarbeitung mit • Du verfügst über profunde Programmierkenntnisse in Phyton oder R • Du bist ein Teamplayer 
und Dir liegt der Umgang mit Maschinen genauso wie mit Menschen • Du bist kommunikationsstark und verfügst über umfassende Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch
 und Englisch (Sprachniveau C2) • Du bist innovativ, initiativ und dienstleistungsorientiert • Du kannst Projekte selbständig begleiten und/oder leite
n • Du hast Ideen, wie Dein zukünftiges Tätigkeitsfeld gestaltet werden könnte • Du bringst Berufserfahrung aus der Datenanalyse und -verarbeitung mit
 • Du verfügst über profunde Programmierkenntnisse in Phyton oder R • Du bist ein Teamplayer und Dir liegt der Umgang mit Maschinen genauso wie mit Me
nschen • Du bist kommunikationsstark und verfügst über umfassende Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch (Sprachniveau C2) • Du bist innovativ, init
iativ und dienstleistungsorientiert • Du kannst Projekte selbständig begleiten und/oder leiten • Du hast Ideen, wie Dein zukünftiges Tätigkeitsfeld ge
staltet werden könnte Was wir Dir bieten: • Eine anspruchsvolle, gesellschaftlich hochrelevante und sinnstiftende Tätigkeit • Viel Gestaltungsspielrau
m in einer neu geschaffenen Stelle • Eine kollegiale Arbeitsatmosphäre und Vernetzungsangebote mit anderen Data Scientists in der kantonalen Verwaltun
g • Einen attraktiven Arbeitsplatz im neuen Polizei- und Justizzentrum in Zürich, ganz in der Nähe des Bahnhofs Hardbrücke • Die Stelle ist in der kan
tonalen Lohnklasse 20 eingereiht Wir freuen uns auf Deine Online-Bewerbung zusammen mit Arbeitsproben (z.B. Link zu Git-Hub – Repo) bis zum 24. Mai 20
24 über unser Jobportal. Für Fragen steht Dir Jérôme Burkhalter (E-Mail schreiben) gerne zur Verfügung. Informationen zur Staatsanwaltschaft des Kanto
ns Zürich findest Du auf www.zh.ch/sta. • Viel Gestaltungsspielraum in einer neu geschaffenen Stelle • Eine kollegiale Arbeitsatmosphäre und Vernetzun
gsangebote mit anderen Data Scientists in der kantonalen Verwaltung • Einen attraktiven Arbeitsplatz im neuen Polizei- und Justizzentrum in Zürich, ga
nz in der Nähe des Bahnhofs Hardbrücke • Die Stelle ist in der kantonalen Lohnklasse 20 eingereiht Wir freuen uns auf Deine Online-Bewerbung zusammen 
mit Arbeitsproben (z.B. Link zu Git-Hub – Repo) bis zum 24. Mai 2024 über unser Jobportal. Für Fragen steht Dir Jérôme Burkhalter (E-Mail schreiben) g
erne zur Verfügung. Informationen zur Staatsanwaltschaft des Kantons Zürich findest Du auf www.zh.ch/sta. Ihre Bewerbung KANTON ZÜRICH DIREKTION DER J
USTIZ UND DES INNERN STA.ZH Staatsanwaltschaft II des Kantons Zürich DIREKTION DER JUSTIZ UND DES INNERN STA.ZH Staatsanwaltschaft II des Kantons Züri
chKontaktKantonale Verwaltung Zürich(6)265 Jobshttps://www.zh.ch/de/arbeiten-beim-kanton.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Plant Operations (80-100%)Climeworks AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:ZürichData Scientist – Plant Operations (80-100%) Your mission as a Data Scientist/Analyst, is to play a key role in supporting plant operations to h
arness the full potential of data-driven insights, understand data needs and provide actionable insights. You use statistical analysis and ML techniqu
es to extract valuable insights from plant data and drive data-driven decision-making. You maintain and enhance automated reports and dashboards to mo
nitor plant performance and communicate findings and insights effectively. You work in cross-function teams including plant operators, engineers, rese
archers, and other data scientists to analyze and interpret plant data to support plant optimization initiatives and support daily plant operation. Yo
u set up and maintain ETL processes on our data platform to ensure seamless data integration and accessibility across different systems and platforms.
 You analyze and interpret plant data to identify opportunities and methods to improve plant performance and support daily plant operation. You stay u
p-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies in data analytics and data engineering to drive innovation and continuous improvement.    You
 hold a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Process-, Chemical-, Mechanical-Engineering, or related fields. You have at least 5 years o
f work experience in a similar role with proven experience in large-scale plant operations or manufacturing environment. Ideally you bring knowledge o
f plant operations processes and systems. You have strong proficiency in data analysis using Python. You bring experience with ML techniques, statisti
cal analysis, and predictive modeling. You feel confident in Data Engineering using SQL, Databricks. Azure is a strong plus. You have proven track rec
ord of delivering actionable insights and driving process improvements through data-driven analysis. You bring excellent problem-solving skills and th
e ability to tackle complex technical challenges in an interdisciplinary work environment.  You are highly self-motivated, proactive, precise, and thr
ive on hands-on tasks in a fast-paced environment. You enjoy being a collaborative team player and are enthusiastic about contributing to a rapidly ev
olving environment. You possess excellent communication skills to interact with technical and non-technical stakeholders. You are fluent in English; G
erman knowledge is a plus. Your team: As a young, passionate, and highly motivated data team, we play a pivotal role in facilitating our business to s
cale up. We operate within a dynamic and thrilling environment, with numerous data-driven initiatives on the horizon. We look forward to meeting exper
ienced and equally motivated individuals like yourself! What we offer: A horizontal organization, a great team, an improvement-oriented approach, and 
a scale-up venture with an innovative technology. Sounds like you? We are looking forward to meeting you! Apply now by filling in the online applicati
on form and uploading your complete dossier to our careers portal: https://www.climeworks.com/careers. At Climeworks, you are accepted for who you are
. As part of our ongoing journey towards creating a diverse and inclusive environment we encourage everyone to apply! All qualified applicants are con
sidered for positions, so bring along your knowledge, personal experiences, and fresh perspectives, and together we can solve one of humankind’s great
est challenges. We look forward to getting to know you! Disclaimer: The percentage in the job title means that for this vacancy, you can decide if you
 want to be employed on a full-time or part-time basis, depending on what works best for your needs. We do not accept candidates from agencies for our
 positions. KontaktClimeworks AG(3)40 Jobshttps://www.climeworks.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD positions (100%) in Information Systems in the Competence Center Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ) at the University of Lausanne (HEC)CDQ AGBewerben
Job merkenVeröffentlicht:23 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärArbeitsort:SchweizPhD positions (100%) in Information Systems in the Competence Ce
nter Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ) at the University of Lausanne (HEC)Festanstellung, Vollzeit · Schweiz - LausanneWhy us? In this position, you wil
l conduct research on current topics related to enterprise data management and support multinational companies in becoming data driven. You will be em
ployed at HEC Lausanne and work in the Competence Center Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ), an industry-funded research consortium and expert community.
 As member of the CC CDQ research team, you will closely collaborate with Fortune 500 companies and drive the CC CDQ co-innovation activities in one o
f the following topics: Data sharing and platforms in business ecosystems Federated data management (data products, data domains, data mesh) Data arch
itecture and semantic layer (enterprise knowledge graphs) Sustainability / ESG data management and reporting Your mission: Starting date is negotiable
 from April to September 2024. Employment rate is 100%, and the maximum contract duration is five years. The candidate is expected to enrol in the Doc
toral School in Information Systems at HEC Lausanne and write his PhD thesis on a topic related to the CC CDQ co-innovation activities. Your daily tas
ks on the job Your responsibilities will be to analyze the current state of research, the challenges in multinational firms as well as emerging techno
logies and trends develop concepts, methods and tools that advance research and practice present and discuss your research with practitioners in the C
C CDQ workshops contribute to the academic field of information systems by publishing articles in top outlets and presenting at international conferen
ces support teaching activities, student projects and Master theses Your qualifications: We expect from you a passion for data & analytics and experie
nce in relevant fields, such as business intelligence, machine learning, data architecture, data governance, sustainability and ESG reporting interest
 in understanding multinational corporations, their data & analytics landscape, organization and business processes, IT applications and platforms a M
aster’s degree in Information Systems (IS), Computer Science, Business Administration (with minor in IS or business analytics, or related fields excel
lent analytical and communication skills good writing skills and fluency in English; German and/or French are a plus internships and/or professional e
xperience in areas related to this position Informal inquiries and how to apply:             For any inquiry about the PhD positions, please contact P
rof. Christine Legner:christine.legner@unil.ch or +41 21 692 3432. Applicants should submit their Curriculum Vitae, their university transcripts (bach
elor and master level) and an electronic version of a recent research project (e.g. master thesis, scientific publication) by e-mail.  Auf diese Stell
e bewerben About us"Smart in mind and heart" is what we are at CDQ! As a spin-off of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland, CDQ is the global pi
oneer in collaborative data management with more than 15 years of experience in data quality. We have developed the first suite for collaborative data
 management with Data Quality as a Service (DQaaS). Our goal is 100% data quality - without maintenance.  Would you like to actively shape the future 
of the world's leading provider of collaborative data management? Then we look forward to receiving your application! Auf diese Stelle bewerben Kontak
tCDQ AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www.cdq.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Application Owner SPLUNK and Data Analyst m/wAxpo GruppeBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lupf
igApplication Owner SPLUNK and Data Analyst m/wPensum 80-100%   Als eigenständige Tochter der Axpo Gruppe ist die Axpo Systems AG das Kompetenzzentrum
 für Telekommunikations- und OT-Lösungen im Konzern. Unsere Kunden haben einen systemrelevanten Auftrag und befinden sich im Segment der kritischen In
frastrukturen. Sie kennen nur den höchstmöglichen Anspruch, denn sie betreiben die systemrelevanten Dienste der Schweiz. Das definiert den Anspruch an
 Profession, Zuverlässigkeit, Qualitäts- und Sicherheitsstandards und die technische Lösungskompetenz an uns kompromisslos hoch – denn unsere Leistung
 ermöglicht erst die krisensichere Ausführung dieser unverzichtbaren Dienste.   Als Application Owner SPLUNK und Data Analyst bringst du deine Fachken
ntnisse und dein Engagement zur erfolgreichen Umsetzung und Durchführung bei Axpo Systems ein. In dieser Rolle übernimmst du Verantwortung und geniess
t die Freiheit und Flexibilität, deine eigenen Ideen und Lösungen einzubringen und umzusetzen. Aufgaben und Verantwortlichkeiten: Du bistverantwortlic
h für die Einführung und Weiterentwicklung der Plattform mit den nötigen Funktionen Du entwickelst und implementierstSIEM-Lösungenmit Hilfe von Splunk
, um das Service Monitoring und Security Monitoring effizient durchzuführen Du erstellstund verwaltest komplexe Splunk-Suchanfragen und -Berichte, um 
Sicherheitsvorfälle zu identifizieren und zu bewerten Du analysierstdie Daten und Protokolle zur Identifizierung von Sicherheitslücken und zur Gewährl
eistung der Servicequalität Du bist über dieneuesten Entwicklungen in der Splunk-Technologie und SIEM-Best Practices informiert Profil und Fähigkeiten
: Bachelor- oder Masterabschluss in Informatik, Datenwissenschaft oder einem vergleichbaren Bereich Nachweisbare      Erfahrung in der Datenanalyse, i
nsbesondere im Bereich Service Monitoring      und Security Monitoring mit Splunk als SIEM-Lösung Gute Kenntnisse in der Verwendung von Splunk-Abfrage
sprachen für SIEM-Zwecke Erfahrung in der Identifizierung und Behebung von Sicherheitslücken sowie in der Gewährleistung der Servicequalität Kommunika
tionsfähigkeit mit Stakeholdern auf      verschiedenen Ebenen in Kontakt zu treten Teamplayer und die Fähigkeit, in einem dynamischen Umfeld effektiv 
zu arbeiten BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024Pensum:100
%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryThe announced postdoctoral resear
cher is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group within the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the Department of Geography, Universit
y of Zurich. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental changes worldwide. Analyzing remote sensing data is complex, and find
ing solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environmental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e.,
 dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining how to apply solutions at different scales. The research group aims
 to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, and mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, an
d geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological questions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including m
anaging the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and commercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutio
ns. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new research perspectives.  Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remot
e sensing and photogrammetry    Your responsibilities The candidate will have a central role in the research group by addressing the following methodo
logical and technological research topics in close collaboration with all team members. You will be responsible for managing the satellite data archiv
e and developing algorithms/tools that facilitate organization, and access to the data for the team's research and teaching activities. You are expect
ed to develop image processing and analysis tools to support the team, including artificial intelligence and machine learning for geospatial remote se
nsing datasets. You will be part of the team contributing to developing open-source and modular processing pipelines for accurately generating DEM tim
e series and elevation information. These solutions can complement already available pipelines such as xDEM. Subsequently, advanced time series optica
l and SAR data analysis will be created with the PhDs for change detection analysis, including developing satellite radar interferometric ground motio
n time series. Furthermore, the multiple sensor-platform approach aims to calibrate/validate satellite observation at local, regional, and global scal
es. You will also collaborate in the planning and teaching of courses in the field of remote sensing at the department. You are welcome to develop you
r research activities and ideas through joint proposals or as principal investigator and apply for funding through national and international opportun
ities, including ESA calls.     Your profile We seek an enthusiastic, creative, and independent researcher interested in working with various remote s
ensing data to quantify changes in cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. Specifically, the research topics will cover a broad range of technology a
nd environmental sciences, including but not only glacier changes in elevation and velocity, periglacial changes due to glacier retreat and related ma
ss movements, spatiotemporal changes in forest cover and height along with the characterization of vertical and horizontal forest structures. Remote s
ensing data include historical and digital aerial images, airborne Lidar, optical satellite data, synthetic aperture radar (SAR), satellite laser and 
radar altimetry. In addition, research will also involve the simulation and use of upcoming ESA and NASA satellite missions.  Requirements The candida
te must be able to multitask and work on various projects and applications independently and in collaboration with the team members and other colleagu
es. The applicant should have problem-solving skills and good organizational and communication skills. Advanced programming and computational skills, 
software development, geospatial data analysis and visualization, GIS and Remote Sensing concepts are required. The team will primarily use Python, QG
IS, ArcGIS, and project tracking systems (e.g., GitHub). Fluent English is a requirement. German is not required, but it facilitates communication wit
h the administrative and other members. The candidate will benefit from a close network of collaboration with the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the d
epartment and established international collaborations, such as with the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), Instit
ute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF), University of Oslo, World Glacier Monitoring Service, TU Wien, German Aerospace Center (DLR), Ulster Univer
sity, University Grenoble Alpes, TU Dresden, University of Toulouse, Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt, and University of Innsbruck. Interac
tions with supported science IT teams will be required to address large-scale computational research data processing and management.   What we offer T
he team will be built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing 
experiences, ideas, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community. We offer outstanding 
working conditions, a high quality of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork. Emplo
yment is 80 % for three years with a possibility of extension of another three years. The salary is defined by the level of the employee's career and 
age following the salary regulations of the UZH.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.net
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG) (80-100%)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG) (80-100%)About Spiden    Your profile  Minimum Qualification   Master's / PhD d
egree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, a related technical field, or equivalent algorithm development experience. 
8+ years of experience in writing software working with at least one compiled and one interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C+
+ 6+ years of Algorithm engineering experience in industry developing PPG and multi-biosignal algorithms  Experience with scientific analysis packages
 such as scikit-learn  Demonstrable capacity to digest scientific literature effectively, including cross-disciplinary domains. High attention to deta
il and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. The following qual
ifications are a plus: Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimization, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Experience in the hea
lthcare or pharma industry     IMPORTANT: we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU / EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfil
l this criteria will be automatically rejected.  We offer  Work/Life Balance Working at a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambi
tious, which is why our team puts a strong emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the f
low you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own b
alance between your work and personal life. Values and Mission are important at Spiden, as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we 
aspire to live that. We will have the chance to discuss value and mission during the interview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the compan
y, we strive to build a diverse and exciting environment. Within the SMLE team we take special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 
among the permanent employees- and equal opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad m
ix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spid
en.  Amazing team! In this role, you will be part of the  Machine Learning Research & Engineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues f
rom which you will have the opportunity to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy great conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. 
Additionally, you will be working closely with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Science, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   
Don't forget to check the  team page  on our website!   Your mission What could you build on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? Tha
t is what Spiden is all about, and we want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Machine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If 
these areas resonate with you, join us to work on foundational technologic and scientific challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with th
e vision to use state-of-the-art detection techniques to continuously monitor and learn from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chroni
c diseases, to customize critical treatments and, to improve your health.  Using proprietary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomed
ical data generation pipeline to train medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to infer glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achi
eve our vision, our team and advisory board consist of world experts coming from top academic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard
 among others) and industry leaders (Baxter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professiona
ls to join an A-team of doers: https://t.ly/vmCKi After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are sprinting towards product development phase to launch to market.
 Therefore, joining as one of the first 60 permanent employees provides you great opportunities for growth in responsibilities and impact.  Responsibi
lities As a Sr. Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG), you will research and collaboratively build computational solutions to real world problems 
in our domain: a continuous non-invasive glucose monitoring smartwatch. Your work involves being able to acquire and smartly combine deep multi-discip
linary knowledge (biophotonics, biomedical, microfluidics, electronics and manufacturing). For this opening in particular,  we are looking for a Photo
plethysmography (PPG) expert with extensive industry exposure to real world data challenges, working with multi-biosignal combinations (raw PPG, accel
erometer and giroscope) for pulse, SpO2 and activity detection algorithms.     Our recruitment process The interview process consists of 3 stages: Int
roduction call (20 min - led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical Interview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)
On-site interview (90 - 120 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requires meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pf
äffikon) KontaktSpiden AG(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in computer-aided catalyst designETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich
PhD position in computer-aided catalyst designPhD position in computer-aided catalyst design 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Digital Chemistry Laboratory
 is led by Prof. Dr. Kjell Jorner at the Institute of Chemical and Bioengineering, within the Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences at ETH Z
urich. Our mission is to accelerate chemical discovery using digital tools. We predict chemical reactivity and molecular properties using the tools of
 machine learning, computational chemistry, and cheminformatics. Our ultimate goal is the computer-aided design of molecules and especially catalysts.
 Project background Catalysts are needed to produce the large amounts and types of chemicals that we use in modern life. Development of new catalysts 
and improvement of existing ones enable us to, for example, synthesize new types of medicines or increase the efficiency of industrial processes. New 
catalyst will also be needed for the transition to chemical production from sustainable feedstocks and chemical recycling. Computer-aided catalyst des
ign aims to accelerate the currently slow process of catalyst development. This project focuses on development of new methods for computer-aided molec
ular design using a combination of quantum-chemical simulations and machine learning. Initially, focus will be on catalysis for generation of small or
ganic molecules by simple catalysts such as Lewis acids, and the scope will later be widened to more complicated systems. The project is highly interd
isciplinary and will be carried out in collaboration with groups in theoretical chemistry, computer science and applied mathematics. Job description A
s a PhD student in our growing team, you will perform quantum-chemical simulations using the Chemoton autonomous reaction simulation software to gener
ate large datasets for catalyzed chemical reactions. Building on the generated data, you will work with our collaborators in computer science and appl
ied mathematics to develop state-of-the art generative machine learning models to design improved catalysts for these reactions. Your profile We are l
ooking for a committed and motivated candidate that is excited to push the boundaries of research in computer-aided catalyst design. Essential experie
nce, skills, and characteristics:  A Master’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, computational science, physics, or related fields, or expecta
tion of obtaining such a degree before September 2024. English proficiency. Self-motivation, ability to work independently and solution-oriented menta
lity. Interdisciplinary and collaborative mindset and desire to work with people from different disciplines and backgrounds. Programming experience us
ing languages such as Julia, Python, R, etc.  Desirable criteria:  Experience of quantum-chemical simulations from research projects or thesis Experie
nce of applying machine learning from research projects or thesis Familiarity with reactions mechanisms and their description through transition state
 theory  Your workplace Your workplace We offer You will join a new, dynamic, and growing research group in the emerging field of Digital Chemistry in
 the highly motivating environment of ETH Zurich. We foster a modern and supportive group culture and value diversity, independence, and initiative. T
he position is embedded in an exciting and interdisciplinary research environment with connections to the ETH AI Center and the National Competence Ce
nter for Research, NCCR Catalysis, connecting the chemical sciences, digitalization, and sustainability. ETH also hosts the SwissCat+, a data-driven t
echnology platform with high-throughput experimentation for catalysis. A competitive salary is paid according to Rate 2 of the Doctoral student salary
 ladder. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application until June 15, including:  Cover letter Curriculu
m vitae Copies of BSc and MSc educational records  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal
. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We will continuously evaluate applications as they come in. Further information ab
out the group can be found on our website and you can follow us on X/Twitter at @DCL_ETHZ. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof
. Dr. Kjell Jorner by email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online appli
cation until June 15, including:  Cover letter Curriculum vitae Copies of BSc and MSc educational records  Please note that we exclusively accept appl
ications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We will continuously evalu
ate applications as they come in. Further information about the group can be found on our website and you can follow us on X/Twitter at @DCL_ETHZ. Que
stions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Kjell Jorner by email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobsh
ttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director in Life Sciences Quality ManagementPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDirec
tor in Life Sciences Quality ManagementAs one of the leading global professional services firms, PwC offers a wide range of consulting services across
 various industries, helping organisations navigate complex challenges and achieve their strategic goals. We work closely with clients to provide tail
ored solutions that address their specific needs, whether it's developing innovative strategies, improving operational efficiency, or leveraging emerg
ing technologies.  Director in Life Sciences Quality Management    Your Impact •	Sell, lead and, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects 
engaging with senior stakeholders from high-profile clients in the life sciences industry.•	Develop new ideas and propositions to share with clients t
o secure new and expand existing projects. The projects typically include the design and implementation of new technologies, quality system processes,
 operating models, digital strategies and ways of working. They also include driving business performance through changing quality culture / mindsets,
 improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The outcomes we help ou
r clients to deliver are accelerating development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data through advanced anal
ytics and machine learning, and improving quality and compliance amongst many others.•	Cover functions all across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, i
ncluding quality management, regulatory affairs, product safety and medical affairs. You will also work closely with our consulting teams covering com
mercial, market access, supply chain and other functions across the life sciences value chain.•	Working with international clients and we will give yo
u the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad.•	Drive the growth of our capabilities and the team
 strongly collaborating with PwC's global network of life sciences experts and leveraging our market-leading propositions, methodologies, assets and t
raining materials.•	Working in a fast-growing environment, which is driven by respect, collegiality, and strong team spirit (winning as team not as an
 individual).   Your Skill Set •	Having a master's degree in a science-related discipline plus around 9 years' experience working in life sciences, ei
ther as a consultant or within quality in R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company.•	As experienced hire, you have a solid track re
cord in delivering and overachieving on your projects and you can rely on your network in the life sciences industry.•	In consulting, you have experie
nce in running large transformation projects and developing new propositions and work. In the industry, you have been exposed to many of the key steps
 of improving quality in regulated business functions that operate along the value chain.•	Having exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data p
rivacy/protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality system design/improvement/maintenance, process improvement, technolog
y implementation and digital and analytics technologies in a GxP-regulated environment.   Any questions? We are happy to help. Francisca Richter   Abo
ut PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help or
ganisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichConsultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingWe in PwC are passionate to help our client
s to move towards what we call a “patient-centric” quality approach: We believe that Quality is the lifeblood of a Life Science organization. It is th
e root of the business, not just there for compliance but to support the growth and healthiness of the whole organisation. To grow effectively and man
age the network of cross-functional, branching processes well, you need not only connected technology systems but also a Quality culture. Quality is a
 living breathing part of the organisation, tended by trained and passionate staff throughout the business, driving operational excellence with the ul
timate goal to benefit the patient.  Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management Consulting    Your Impact   You will, togeth
er with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders from high-profile clients across the Life Sciences industry. The proj
ects typically include transforming (quality) operating models and implementing digital and analytics (quality) platforms across R&D, manufacturing / 
supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through changing quality culture / mind-sets, improving processes and procedur
es, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The outcomes we help clients deliver include driving fas
ter development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data through advanced analytics and machine learning, improv
ing quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all those across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, with particular focu
s on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical affairs. The role will work closely with our consulting teams cove
ring commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value chain. You will work with international clients and we will provide 
you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad. You will be collaborating with PwC's global netw
ork of life sciences and Technology experts, you will have access to our market leading propositions, methodologies, assets and training materials. Yo
u will work in a fast-growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiality and strong teamwork.     Your Skill Set   You have a Bachelor's
 or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus initial experience working in life sciences, either as a consultant or within R&D, manufactur
ing or commercial at a life sciences company. You have had exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy d
evelopment, operating model design, quality system improvement / maintenance, process improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics t
echnologies in a GxP regulated environment. You pay attention to detail, have strong problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. You ar
e passionate about “quality” and believe that quality is a catalyst to drive business performance and innovation in the health industries and markets.
 You have excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening and communication skills. You are fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and
/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clients. You are a passionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with cl
ients and colleagues after work.     Any questions? We are happy to help. Francisca Richter   About PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advis
ory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and 
sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Talent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyWüest Partner AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:ZürichTalent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyTalent Community - Data, Analytics & Technology  Full-time  Company Description Wüest Partner 
is an innovative and independent service provider in the real estate industry. Since 1985, we have been creating a sound basis for decision-making by 
combining expertise, data and digital solutions. We lead the industry with comprehensive services in the areas of consulting, valuation, data, product
s, publications and education to help our clients gain new perspectives and create sustainable value. Wüest Partner as a group employs 500 people at 1
5 locations in Europe, with headquarters in Switzerland. The subsidiaries Durable, Datahouse, QualiCasa and Signa-Terre belong to the group. Job Descr
iption Become part of our Data, Analytics & Technology Talent Community! We are always looking for university graduates who share our enthusiasm for d
ata, analytics and technology. You haven't found the right job with us yet, but would still like to become part of our talent community? Maybe you wer
e at an event and got to know us directly and would now like to stay in touch with us? Then we look forward to receiving your CV! (Please be aware, th
at the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Your Challenge Our proprietary digital products and sol
utions provide direct access to our real estate market data assets. With our knowledge, our digital competence and our culture of innovation, we devel
op products that open up new dimensions for our clients. Whether it's the further development of our SaaS solution Wüest Dimensions or forecasting mod
els and modelling, we want your ideas on board! Qualifications Your Profile  University degree (Bachelor, Master, PhD) in an analytical or statistical
 background / in Natural Sciences or Engineering Interest in real estate-related topics and data analytics, technologies such as machine learning, art
ificial intelligence and big data Digital affinity, strong communication skills (fluent in English and German)  Additional Information Our Benefits  A
ttractive employment conditions with variable remuneration component Flexible Work Smart concept with home office flexibility up to 50% Professional a
nd collegial corporate culture with great events (company celebrations, croissant breaks, etc.) High team spirit, flat hierarchies and varied tasks Mo
dern offices in the centres of Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva Generous training budget including time for this as well as other attractive fringe bene
fits  The Recruitment Process As soon as you join our community, you will receive regular updates on open positions, programmes and recruiting events 
at Wüest Partner. There is also the possibility that we may contact you directly with a potential position that we are currently recruiting for. (Plea
se be aware, that the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Work Location We are open to various loc
ations in Switzerland, for example in Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva. Contact If you have any questions, please contact our Talent Acquisition Team at
 E-Mail schreiben. We look forward to hearing from you! LI-DNIKontaktWüest Partner AG(4)12 Jobshttps://www.wuestpartner.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Manager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:Basel, ZürichManager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingManager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Ma
nagement Consulting     Your Impact   Help sell, lead and, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders from
 high-profile clients in the life sciences industry. Help develop new ideas and propositions to share with clients to secure new and expand existing p
rojects. Projects typically include the design and implementation of new technologies, quality systems processes, operating models, digital strategies
 and ways of working across R&D, manufacturing / supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through changing quality cult
ure / mind-sets, improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The out
comes we help clients deliver include driving faster development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data throug
h advanced analytics and machine learning, improving quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all those across R&D, m
anufacturing and commercial, with particular focus on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical affairs. The role
 will also work closely with our consulting teams covering commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value chain. Work wi
th international clients and we will provide you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad. Be 
collaborating with PwC's global network of Life Sciences experts, you will have access to our market leading propositions, methodologies, assets and t
raining materials. Work in a fast growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiality, strong team spirit, winning as team not as an indi
vidual.     Your Skill Set   Bachelor's or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus around 6 years' experience working in life sciences, w
ithin R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company. Out of the 6 years you have at least 3 years experiences working as a consultant. I
n consulting, you will have experience in working & running large transformation projects, with experience in developing new propositions and developi
ng new work. From industry, you will have been exposed to many of the key steps of improving quality in regulated business functions. Exposure in inno
vations in technology/cloud/RWD/NLP that drove/could drive business performance, simplification and/or patient centricity in the health industries and
 markets. Exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality syste
m design / improvement / maintenance, process improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics technologies in a GxP regulated environme
nt. Pay attention to detail, have strong problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. Excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening an
d communication skills. Fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clien
ts. Passionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with clients and colleagues after work.     Any questions? We are happy to help.  Fra
ncisca Richter    About PwC  PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international P
wC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services. Ko
ntaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Group Associate Expert IT (Data Engineer Scientist)Octapharma AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:LachenGroup Associate Expert IT (Data Engineer Scientist)         Group Associate Expert IT (Data Engineer Scientist)            Job ID:        568
80           Location:        Lachen, CH					        Job Level:        Entry Level           Job Category:        International Early Career Program  
         Employment Type:        Permanent position           Career Level:                 This position is tied to a 2-year International Early Care
er Program, that can support you to kick-start a career in the Octapharma Information Technology division via international intra-group rotations and 
developmental sessions. See more program information here https://www.octapharma.com/career/international-early-career-program       What's the best t
hing about working with us?  You help save lives - Every day is meaningful as we produce life-saving medicines Family values - Long-term perspective f
or employees and relationships Be rewarded with an attractive salary and benefits package You will have a high level of influence where you can make a
 difference and leave your footprint Work with skilled and fun colleagues in a relatively informal organization Skills development - We offer various 
internal and external employee and leadership trainings, trainee programs and digital solutions        What will you be doing as Data Scientist/Engine
er in IT? Advanced analytics allows businesses to make decisions based on data-driven insights. This leads to more informed and strategic decision-mak
ing across various business functions. In this role you will have an opportunity to gain experience and contribute in all phases from integrating data
 sources (engineering), develop models (analytics) and work with business partners to generate insights (value creation)    Work with different parts 
of the Octapharma business to explore opportunities with data insights and advanced analytics. Assist in the developing business cases. Support the bu
ild and maintenance of cloud-based data solutions (Azure data Lakes, SQL Databases) Design and optimize database structures, ensuring performance, sca
lability, and reliability. Work on integrating data from multiple sources. Develop and implement data models to support analytics and reporting requir
ements. Data Exploration and Cleaning. Assist in collecting, cleaning, and organizing raw data from various sources. Learn and apply techniques to ide
ntify and handle missing or inconsistent data.       Who are you?  Educational Background: Recent university graduate Maximum 3 years of working exper
ience Professional personality and flexible team player Willing and curious to potentially further develop in a people leader or business professional
 role Willing to move internationally for work assignments within the Group Fluency in English, additional languages a plus       The Information Tech
nology Department We are a trusted partner to the business. We create and deliver digital solutions for Octapharma. We operate in an international env
ironment providing services to more than 12000 users globally. The IT organization employees approx. 240 people.         Apply Today! If you have ques
tions about the position, contact Ms. Claudia Vignau, Recruiter; +41 55 451 21 35       It's an exciting time to join Octapharma IT, the dynamic natur
e of the industry, continuous technological advancements and the pivotal role of IT is contributing to a rapidly evolving and rewarding work environme
nt."Martin Metzger – Group Director IT Business Applications         If you proceed in the process  We will endeavor to review your profile as quickly
 as possible and provide you with feedback The next step is to conduct a phone interview, which takes about 30 minutes. Opportunity to participate in 
an assessment center    Would you like to get to know us better? Learn more about us on our website and follow us daily on LinkedIn!       About Octap
harma Headquartered in Lachen, Switzerland, Octapharma is one of the largest human protein manufacturers in the world, developing and producing human 
proteins from human plasma and human cell lines. Octapharma employs nearly 12,000 people worldwide to support the treatment of patients in 118 countri
es with products across three therapeutic areas: Immunotherapy, Haematology and Critical Care. Octapharma has seven R&D sites and five state-of-the-ar
t manufacturing facilities in Austria, France, Germany and Sweden, and operates more than 195 plasma donation centres across Europe and the US. Octaph
arma has 40 years of experience in patient care. Formore information, please visitwww.octapharma.com KontaktOctapharma AG(0)7 Jobshttps://www.octaphar
ma.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Applied Researcher Innovative Building Analytics 80-100% Siemens Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:80 – 10
0%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zug     We make real what matters  Siemens makes buildings and cities smarter and suppl
ies people with environmentally-friendly energy. We work hand in hand with artificial intelligence and move people from A to B safely. New challenges 
present themselves every day - and hereby the chance to face them. Join our team of about 303 000 colleagues around the globe and help us creating env
ironments that care. Would you like to help us build a better future? As part of our research and development team or as an engineer, you have the pow
er to innovate! Whether it's the development of an industrial metaverse and the virtual implementation of a 100% emission and barrier-free city, or th
e next breakthrough in renewable energies and more sustainable products - the future is in your hands. We value and respect you for the person you are
 and the skills you offer. As a member of our #TeamSiemens Switzerland, you make your own individual contribution to shaping our corporate culture. Be
st to find out about us for yourself and see what it's like to work with us.  Your new responsibilities   Evaluate, develop, and pilot novel and innov
ative technologies and methods in the Pre-Development department of Siemens Infrastructure Building Products Join the Analytics and Innovative Control
 Applications team to work on analytics solutions related to building automation applications such as heating, ventilation and air conditioning contro
l Generate ideas and methods aimed at creating customer value from building data Tackle challenges such as robustness of methods, ease of engineering,
 and scalability to large customer groups Implement methods for smart maintenance and operation of buildings in pilot projects using both simulated an
d real-world data Design, develop and evaluate different methods for fault detection and diagnostics for buildings Collaborate with a multidisciplinar
y team to ensure the successful implementation and evaluation of developed methods Contribute to the advancement of building automation technologies b
y staying updated on industry trends and emerging technologies Document and communicate findings, methodologies, and results effectively within the te
am and to relevant collaborators   Your skills and experience   A Master's degree in computer science or engineering Strong interest in the building a
utomation domain: analytics, optimization, modeling and control Proven knowledge of mathematical methods for analytics and optimization Experience wit
h the programming languages Python and Matlab/Simulink, possibly also Go, C++ and cloud computing technologies Proactive, motivated and committed pers
on that likes to cooperate with other teams in a global setup and is willing to keep up with and use the latest level of technology Knowledge in seman
tic web technologies like web of things are considered as a plus Written and spoken English on a proficient level, sound German skills are beneficial 
  Who and where we are  Find out why Siemens is chosen every year as one of the most popular employers in Switzerland, and get a first impression of a
 new working environment and the people who could be your new work colleagues.   Video Siemens in Zug      www.siemens.ch/employer     Your Applicatio
n  We take your privacy seriously and therefore maintain a high standard of data protection. For this reason, we can only accept your application via 
our application platform ("APPLY" button). Answers to the most frequently asked questions and a contact form can be found on our FAQ page. We look for
ward to receiving your application. Information for recruitment agencies: Siemens does not accept recruitment agency applications for this position. T
hank you for your understanding.    KontaktSiemens Schweiz AG(14)174 Jobshttps://www.siemens.ch/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Commodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global MacroMCP (Switzerland) SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baar, ZugCommodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global MacroCommodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global M
acro Commodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global Macro Please direct all resume submissions to  E-Mail schreiben and reference REQ-18098   
   in the subject. Millennium is a top tier global hedge fund with a strong commitment to leveraging market innovations in technology and data to deli
ver high-quality returns. A small, collaborative, and entrepreneurial systematic investment team is seeking a strong commodities quantitative research
er to join in developing new signals and strategies. This opportunity provides a dynamic and fast-paced environment with excellent opportunities for c
areer growth. Job Description Quantitative Researcher as part of a small, collaborative systematic global macro team with a focus on applying cutting 
edge techniques to strategies across the commodities, fixed income, and FX space. Location Flexible, with slight preference for Switzerland Principal 
Responsibilities Identify and onboard new global markets and datasets Analyze and manipulate large and diverse data sets for idea generation and alpha
 research with a focus on the commodities space Research and develop signals, leveraging a variety of market and fundamental datasets, to be deployed 
in systematic trading strategies Collaborate with the Senior Portfolio Manager and team in a transparent environment, engaging with the whole investme
nt process from idea generation through execution with a focus on the Global Commodities space Preferred Technical Skills Strongly skilled in Python E
xperience programming in C is a plus Bachelor, Master’s, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related ST
EM field Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills Preferred Experience 2-4 years of experience working in a quantitative resear
ch capacity with a focus on Ags, Energy, Metals, Fixed Income, FX, or Equity Index strategies Experience working with large and diverse data sets, spe
cifically data sets associated with the commodity markets Commodities market experience modeling futures curves and/or cross-market relationships High
ly Valued Relevant Experience Experience in quantitative, econometrics, asset pricing, or macro sub-fields Experience with machine learning, statistic
al techniques and related libraries Millennium pays a total compensation package which includes a base salary, discretionary performance bonus, and a 
comprehensive benefits package. The estimated base salary range for this position is $100,000 to $200,000, which is specific to New York and may chang
e in the future. When finalizing an offer, we take into consideration an individual’s experience level and the qualifications they bring to the role t
o formulate a competitive total compensation package. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Ph.D. positions within ERC project: "Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Graphics Content for Novel Displays"Università della Svizzera italianaBewerb
enJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2019Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuganoPh.D. positions within ERC project: "Perceptually-Driven Opti
mizations of Graphics Content for Novel Displays" Faculty of Informatics Ph.D. positions within ERC project: “Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Gra
phics Content for Novel Displays” The Perception, Display, and Fabrication Group at the Università della Svizzera italiana(USI) in Lugano, Switzerland
, is looking for highly motivated Ph.D. candidates to work at theintersection of computer graphics, novel display technologies, and visual perception 
withinthe ERC Starting Grant project “Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Graphics Content forNovel Displays”. The positions are fully-funded. We off
er a competitive salary in line withSwiss universities. The goal of the project is to develop new content adaptation and generation techniques forfutu
re displays, such that the displayed images closely match the capabilities of noveldisplay devices as well as the requirements of human perception. Th
e approach shouldassure that the computational resources are not wasted for generating content which isirrelevant to observers, and guarantee the high
est perceived quality possible. We would liketo focus on the newly emerging display technologies such as virtual reality and augmentedreality displays
 which allow for addressing all visual cues available in the real world. Asuccessful candidate should have: Master degree in computer science or a clo
sely related field, a good programming and math skills, knowledge of computer graphics/vision tools, such as OpenGL, OpenCV, Matlab, fluent English, b
oth written and spoken, a strong desire for research and publishing at top venues, an experience with deep learning frameworks will be an additional a
dvantage. The course work and interests in one or more of the following areas are desired: computer graphics & rendering, image & video processing, ne
w display devices (such as VR and AR), human visual perception, eye tracking, machine learning. Applications should be sent directly to Prof. Piotr Di
dyk (E-Mail schreiben). The subject ofthe e-mail should start with the phrase “[Application]”.The documents should include: CV, transcripts of records
, a statement of purpose, contacts to 2-3 persons who agreed to write recommendation letters, a complete list of publications, if any. page 2 / 2 Perc
eption, Display, and Fabrication Group at the USI Lugano in Switzerland conductshigh-quality research in the field of computer graphics and computer v
ision. Their goal is tocombine computational techniques with human perception and hardware design to createbetter display and fabrication techniques. 
The areas of expertise include computer graphics,new display technologies, image/video processing, 3D printing, computational fabrication,and human pe
rception. We focus on publishing at the top computer graphics and computervision venues. Many of our works have been presented as technical papers at 
the ACMSIGGRAPH conference series. We expect the candidates to contribute to this success. Thegroup has several ongoing collaborations with world-lead
ing research centers including MIT,Harvard, University of Toronto, Adobe Systems, Nvidia, and Max Planck Institute. The futuregroup members are expect
ed to take an active part in these activities. The Faculty of Informatics at Università della Svizzera italiana is defined by its passionfor scientifi
c research. Around 200 top researchers from around the world conduct researchin several computer science areas, with tens of millions of Swiss francs 
in competitivefunding obtained to date. Over the years, the Faculty has become one of the leadingresearch centers in Switzerland and an international 
point of reference in many fields.More information about the faculty: https://www.inf.usi.ch/en. More information about the positions and the group: c
ontact: E-Mail schreiben visit: https://www.pdf.inf.usi.ch/ KontaktUniversità della Svizzera Italiana(0)7 Jobshttps://www.unisi.ch/BewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Junior Researcher in Economic and Social Policy EvaluationETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:ZürichJunior Researcher in Economic and Social Policy EvaluationJunior Researcher in Economic and Social Policy Evaluation 80%-100%, Zurich, f
ixed-term The section of Public and Social Policy Design at KOF Swiss Economic Institute is looking for a Junior Researcher in Economic and Social Pol
icy Evaluation (80-100%, 1 - 2-year fixed term, start as soon as possible or by agreement). In collaboration with private and public organizations, ou
r team uses insights from behavioral economics and other social sciences to develop innovative policy designs and rigorously test them to promote evid
ence-based, social and economic integration, particular of disadvantaged groups, and to strengthen society more generally. The KOF Swiss Economic Inst
itute at ETH Zurich is the leading institute for applied research in economics in Switzerland. KOF has a strong collaborative environment that promote
s exchange between research and administrative staff at different levels and in different functions and is committed to rigorous, applied research on 
policy-relevant topics with a connection to Switzerland. Project background You will work mostly on two ongoing or planned large-scale field experimen
ts that contribute to this mission in collaboration with Prof. Michel Maréchal at the University of Zurich. The first project, in collaboration with t
he Cantons of Zurich and Berne and supported by the Swiss Federal Justice Department, tests two interventions in pretrial detention facilities in both
 Cantons to improve the mental health of prisoners and facilitate their re-integration after release. The second project is a pilot trial mandated by 
the Swiss Federal Office of Public Health that evaluates the socio-economic impact of access to legal Cannabis. Job description Your primary tasks wil
l be to support the team in the general management and coordination of the field projects and in the coordination, collection, management, and analysi
s of project data. This data includes survey data as well as register data from health insurance companies and the Swiss federal government. To do so,
 you will collaborate closely with the project’s core research team as well as various stakeholders who contribute to the project. Your profile We are
 looking for an outstanding team member who is curious, entrepreneurial, and enthusiastic about producing rigorous scientific evidence to improve soci
al and economic policies. Your profile:  Completed master’s degree (or close to graduation) in economics, political science, or other quantitative soc
ial science Very good planning and coordination skills Solid foundations in causal inference methods (e.g., randomized experiments, difference-in-diff
erences, and instrumental variables). Proficiency in the statistical software package Stata and/or R (Python is a plus) Prior experience with data cle
aning and management Fluency in German and English Excellent writing skills (in German and English) Very good communication skills to engage with vari
ous stakeholders Strong interest in applied scientific research (an interest in pursuing a PhD at a later stage is a plus but not necessary)  Your wor
kplace Your workplace We offer  Hands-on experience in contributing to the conduct of several large-scale field experiments in collaboration with poli
cy makers in Switzerland. You will be involved and can develop your skills in: Collection of large scale administrative and survey data Managing, clea
ning, and creating raw data sets Managing and coordinating two large-scale projects with a large research team and various policy stakeholders Contrac
t negotiation Survey design and implementation Monitoring of study and survey operations Econometric analysis Writing memos and making short presentat
ions (in German and English) for key stakeholders Highly collaborative work environment: you will be working closely together with the project team Pr
ofessional supervision by experienced researchers, supporting you in your career development as a data scientist / applied econometrician / quantitati
ve social scientist Salary and pension benefits according to ETH regulation.  We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your
 online application including:  a cover letter CV study transcripts at least two writing samples (ideally 1-2 in English and 1-2 in German, e.g., a Se
mester-, Seminar-, Bachelor-thesis)  Only applications submitted through our online application portal are accepted. Applications review will begin on
 April 29, 2024, and continue until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online applicati
on portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For more information on the team Public and Social Policy Design please v
isit our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to the KOF HR team by email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich
 Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application including:  a cover letter CV study transcripts at least two writing samples
 (ideally 1-2 in English and 1-2 in German, e.g., a Semester-, Seminar-, Bachelor-thesis)  Only applications submitted through our online application 
portal are accepted. Applications review will begin on April 29, 2024, and continue until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For more informatio
n on the team Public and Social Policy Design please visit our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to the KOF HR team by emai
l E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:ZürichERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatryIn the context of a new ERC Synergy project (DELTA-LANG), our lab is interested in n
ovel ways of phenotyping psychotic disorders, including quantitative analysis of language with large language models, combined with multimodal neuroim
aging (model-based fMRI, neuromelanin imaging and others). The goal is to design and implement novel paradigms (e.g. combined fMRI and speech producti
on) and use methods such as machine learning, multilevel analyses and computational modeling to decompose behavioral performance into interpretable as
pects of cognitive and perceptual processing.  ERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatry    Your responsibilities The successful candidates 
will have the chance to work in an exciting and timely international project, together with a motivated and diverse team in Zurich and with investigat
ors over three international sites. In addition, the candidate will have the opportunity to conduct analyses of behavioral and imaging data, dissemina
te study results in peer-reviewed journals, and supervise undergraduate students. The candidate will take part in ongoing projects and initiate new re
search within the team of Prof. Philipp Homan, who is also a Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) group leader.   Your profile   Master's degree in a rele
vant field including computational linguistics, cognitive neuroscience, electrical engineering, biomedical engineering, computer science Excellent sel
f-management skills Experience with neuroimaging (experimental design and analysis) and computational linguistics Experience with data management and 
programming (Python, R, Matlab, Stan etc.) Commitment to Open Science and computational reproducibility Excellent verbal and written English skills   
  What we offer   To work in a diverse team of highly motivated young researchers who are passionate about computational linguistics, clinical psychia
try, cognitive neuroscience and date science To be part of a diverse and multinational ERC Synergy project that aims to apply cutting edge technology 
to a clinically relevant question A competitive salary and generous social benefits Generous support for professional travel and research needs An ins
piring work environment within the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Zurich and part of the Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) The opportuni
ty to live in Zurich, one of the world's most attractive cities  Please visit UZH for staff for further information.   Further information  E-Mail sch
reiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formationEmpa, Materials Science and TechnologyBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 Apr
il 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenPhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formationMaterials scienc
e and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributions to the well-being of soci
ety for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound forma
tion In a close collaboration with several other Empa groups, the 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' and 'Nanomaterials Spectroscopy and Imaging' 
groups are starting a multidisciplinary project aiming to discover novel protein and metabolite biomarkers specific for the early phases of chronic wo
und development. The project will be part of a larger initiative focused on the design of a precision, self-care integrated system to completely under
stand, simulate, and monitor skin wound evolution, with the ultimate aim to treat and prevent chronic wounds.  The candidate will focus on the charact
erization of chronic wounds arising from venous ulcers and perform comprehensive proteomic and metabolomic characterization of wound exudates from pat
ients. Furthermore, the candidate will demonstrate Raman spectroscopy as a rapid, noninvasive, and label-free omics technology enabling metabolic prof
iling and biomarker detection in wound exudates.   Your tasks    Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Implementation of 
established and development of new workflows for biomarker identification from omics datasets (proteomics, metabolomics, Raman)  Combining Raman spect
roscopy and mass spectrometry-based proteomics, along with cutting-edge machine learning approaches, to enable timely identification of high risk for 
the chronic wound formation Coordinate preparation of wound fluids and perform Raman spectroscopy measurements  Coordination of activities with projec
t partners, including clinicians  Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences    Your profile     A strong background in com
putational biology, physics, physical chemistry or materials science  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excell
ent communication skills with a good command of the English language  Interest in clinically applied research and enthusiasm for combining experimenta
l and computational work  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Prior experience with Raman spectroscopy     Our offer    A highly interdisc
iplinary and supportive environment  A cutting-edge research project project which will be instrumental for guiding new therapeutic approaches for wou
nd healing  World-class teams committed to exploring the next-generation of biomedical applications  A global network of collaborators and clinical pa
rtners with opportunities for building a competitive research portfolio.  In addition, we offer outstanding infrastructure, a broad interdisciplinary 
environment and competitive salaries. The position is based at Empa, St. Gallen with frequent visits to Empa headquarters in the Zurich area, and it i
s available from September 2024, or upon mutual agreement, with a planned duration of 3 to 4 years. The PhD student will be enrolled at ETH Zurich. Th
e student will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics.  For additional information, please contact Dr Marija Buljan (ma
rija.buljan@empa.ch) or Dr Mirjana Dimitrievska (mirjana.dimitrievska@empa.ch).     We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people 
who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meaningful activities - that's what counts.  We look forward to receiving your complete online appli
cation including a letter of motivation, CV, certificates, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via 
our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will not be considered. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-temporal genome and oncogene organization in cancerUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merk
enVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-tempo
ral genome and oncogene organization in cancerThe Surdez lab at the University of Zurich is seeking a highly motivated Postdoctoral Researcher with ex
pertise in image analysis and bioinformatics. This position offers an exciting opportunity to visualize and decipher the spatio-temporal organization 
of the genome and oncogenes in cancer. Join our dynamic team, which focuses on aggressive pediatric bone cancers, particularly on Ewing sarcoma. In a 
recent study, we demonstrated how the STAG2 mutation, prevalent in this cancer, alters the formation of chromatin loops, resulting in increased invasi
ve properties of mutated cells (Surdez et al. 2021, Cancer Cell). Currently, we are leveraging super-resolution microscopy and innovative molecular te
chnologies to decipher and perturb these mechanisms in live cancer cell models.  Postdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-temp
oral genome and oncogene organization in cancer  As a Postdoctoral Researcher, you will be responsible for analyzing confocal and super-resolution mic
roscopy data related to spatio-temporal genome and oncogene regulation. The role also involves comparing Hi-ChIP data with imaging data and developing
 computational tools to analyze and visualize chromatin conformation and oncogene regulation. Working closely with biologists, you will utilize cuttin
g-edge computational approaches to model and decipher these mechanisms at the real-time scale.     PhD or advanced experience in Bioinformatics, Compu
ter Science, or a related discipline. Strong expertise in microscopy imaging analysis and bioinformatics, including experience in handling and analyzi
ng high-dimensional data and various types of imaging data. Strong programming skills in R, MATLAB, or Python and experience with machine learning mod
els. Solid understanding of the latest trends and methods in bioinformatics, super-resolution and confocal microscopy imaging. Excellent communication
, interpersonal and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work collaboratively in a multidisciplinary team, demonstrating motivation and organiz
ational skills. Excellent communication skills in both spoken and written English. Experience in scientific writing and publishing papers in peer-revi
ewed scientific journals. Knowledge in cancer biology and/or 3D genome organization is a plus. Hands-on experience with the analysis and interpretatio
n of multiomics data is a plus.   Join us in unraveling this novel aspect of cancer biology and making a meaningful impact in the field. This is an 80
-100 % Postdoctoral Researcher position funded for an initial term of 2 years with a competitive salary/benefits and possibility of renewal.   E-Mail 
schreiben  KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Two ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:ZürichTwo ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatryIn the context of a new ERC Synergy project (DELTA-LANG), our lab 
is interested in novel ways of phenotyping psychotic disorders, including quantitative analysis of language with large language models, combined with 
multimodal neuroimaging (model-based fMRI, neuromelanin imaging and others). The goal is to design and implement novel paradigms (e.g. combined fMRI a
nd speech production) and use methods such as machine learning, multilevel analyses and computational modeling to decompose behavioral performance int
o interpretable aspects of cognitive and perceptual processing.  Two ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatry    Your responsibilities
 The successful candidates will have the chance to take a leading role in an exciting and timely international project, working together with a motiva
ted and diverse team in Zurich and with investigators over three international sites. In addition, the candidate will have the opportunity to conduct 
analyses of behavioral and imaging data, disseminate study results in peer-reviewed journals, and supervise graduate and undergraduate students. The c
andidate will take part in ongoing projects and initiate new research within the team of Prof. Philipp Homan, who is also a Neuroscience Center Zurich
 (ZNZ) group leader.   Your profile   PhD degree in a relevant field including computational linguistics, cognitive neuroscience, electrical engineeri
ng, biomedical engineering, computer science Track record of strong first author publications and preprints Track record of successful mentorship of u
ndergraduate or graduate students Excellent self-management skills Excellent skills in neuroimaging (experimental design and analysis) and computation
al linguistics Excellent data management and programming skills (Python, R, Matlab, Stan etc.) Commitment to Open Science and computational reproducib
ility Excellent verbal and written English skills     What we offer   To work in a diverse team of highly motivated young researchers who are passiona
te about computational linguistics, clinical psychiatry, cognitive neuroscience and date science To be part of a diverse and multinational ERC Synergy
 project that aims to apply cutting edge technology to a clinically relevant question A competitive salary and generous social benefits (salary 100'00
0 - 110'000 USD/year) Generous support for professional travel and research needs An inspiring work environment within the Department of Psychiatry at
 the University of Zurich and part of the Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) The opportunity to live in Zurich, one of the world's most attractive citie
s  Please visit UZH for staff for further information.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascomp
te.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ArcondisArcondis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselArcondisInessa E-Mail schreiben Duers
t Senior Recruiter Solution Delivery - Selangor, Singapore, Basel, Frankfurt, Kosice Arcondis is a global consulting company with an exclusive focus o
n the healthcare and life science industries. Headquartered in Basel, Switzerland, the company has a global footprint with offices in North America, A
PAC and across Europe. We have been managing challenges and solving problems for our clients in compliance, business processes, information technology
, and digital transformation since 2001. Our focus lies in creating value through cross-functional, sophisticated delivery methodologies and intellige
nt implementation. Our clients love to work with us because of our unique skillsets, our pragmatic approach, and our will to win. We are a medium-size
d international consulting firm dedicated to Life Sciences, with a unique and inspiring culture. Our distinctive culture is the driving force behind o
ur success; it is deeply rooted in our purpose and behaviors. We are owned by a charitable Foundation; our key differentiator is that we contribute to
 social causes every year. This ethos is not just a part of our identity; it's our way of life. Our motto, "We make healthcare better," reflects the u
nwavering commitment we have to improving the lives of people through the work we do. Our culture fosters collaboration, innovation, and a sense of co
mmunity that sets us apart from the rest. We are living our values every day. Our leadership is expected to lead by example, demonstrating a dedicatio
n to our mission and values. We embrace diversity and inclusivity, and we believe in giving back to the community. Together, we are not just consultan
ts; we are agents of change, and our culture is the driving force behind our shared purpose. Design and develop innovative AI/ML solutions which will 
be running in Azure and AWS platforms, focusing on scalability, efficiency, and compliance with healthcare and life science standards. Design (generat
ive) AI applications that can solve a broad range of problems, enhance decision-making, and optimize processes within the healthcare and life science 
sectors. Create and manage AI/ML algorithm pipelines, using Azure ML, AWS SageMaker, and other relevant cloud-native services. Implement, maintain and
 manage data integration and harmonization processes. Develop and maintain a library of custom AI/ML assets (code, components, and integrations) to be
 deployed towards different customer projects. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate AI/ML solutions into broader IT and business syste
ms being the integration driver & architect. Maintain a proactive approach to learning and applying the latest advancements AI, ML, LLMs and the infra
structure that supports them. Support our sales teams by providing input & support to client presentations, statements of work, etc. Experienced in Ag
ile and DevOps methodologies. To be successful in this role, you should possess the following qualifications and experience: A bachelor's or master's 
degree in computer science / engineering, or a related technical field, with a strong emphasis on cloud technologies and AI/ML. Some years of relevant
 experience in AI/ML/LLM development, with a proven track record in both Azure and AWS platforms. Demonstrated hands on and delivery experience of AI 
projects. Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms, Gen AI concepts, and statistical models. Proficiency in Python, TypeScript, NodeJS, React
JS with extensive experience in cloud-based AI development and deployment. Demonstrated ability to work in teams and projects using agile methodologie
s. Effective communication skills and superior attention to detailKontaktArcondis AG(1)3 Jobshttps://www.arcondis.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job mel
den


Internship or Bachelor/Master-Thesis (m/f/d)AutoForm Development GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichInternship or Bachelor/Master-Thesis (m/f/d)Possible tasks Development of software in a technical/scientific environment Development 
of algorithms in the field of CAD/CAE Design and implementation of graphical user interfaces Integration, testing and documentation Evaluation of soft
ware development tools, technologies, and processes  Your profile Student of computer science, engineering, or natural science Basic knowledge of C an
d/or C++, possibly with some hands-on experience Basic understanding of structured and/or object-oriented programming principles Knowledge of QT and/o
r Python would be beneficial Strong technical interest Good knowledge of English required. German would be a plus.  Examples of past internship and Ba
chelor/Master thesis projects High-quality geometric analyses for FE meshes Reconstruction of bead profiles from 3D geometry Evaluation of Atlassian B
amboo for continuous integration Real-time automotive body part identification in video streams Automatic conversion of CATProduct file to AutoForm in
tegration file  Our offer Work on cutting edge technologies for the automotive industry, in a world-leading international CAE software company Work wi
th great colleagues in a relaxed and supportive atmosphere Read more about our attractive benefits, such as fruits and drinks, professional sports les
sons and regular team events on our Careers website  LocationTo help you get started in your professional career, we regularly offer internship positi
ons in our Software Development Department in Zurich, Dortmund, and Berlin. The minimum duration at 100% workload is 3 months. The minimum workload is
 40%, extending the duration accordingly. Please send us  your CV and attachments and specify:   which of the following topics are of interest to you:
 numerical simulation, geometry and 3D modelling, machine learning, DevOps, automation, tooling, GUI development, testing or software engineering. in 
which of the three locations you would like to work.  We are looking forward to receiving your application. Learn more about AutoForm at our YouTube C
hannel or see our software in action.  Processing of applicant’s personal data is based on our Data Privacy Policy. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melde
n


PhD - Investigating Earth's surface properties and their evolution using optical and radar observationsUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentli
cht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD - Investigating Earth's surface properties and their evolution using optical and
 radar observationsThe announced PhD position is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group within the Remote Sensing Laboratories 
at the Department of Geography, University of Zurich. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental changes worldwide. Analyzing
 remote sensing data is complex, and finding solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environmental changes, most proble
ms come with additional challenges, i.e., dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining how to apply solutions at 
different scales.The research group aims to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, and mitigating environmental
 changes in the cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological questions in remote sensing. Ye
t, several challenges exist, including managing the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and commercial sensors and across 
different spatial and temporal resolutions. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new research perspectives. PhD projec
t descriptionThe PhD candidate will explore the potential of using remote sensing data from multiple sources and related applications in the field of 
cryosphere and forestry. The project aims to investigate surface properties, dynamics, and tracking changes over time by integrating multi-source remo
te sensing data. The project will rely on optical stereo images to derive elevation information and hyperspectral imagery from airborne and satellite 
observations to characterize the surface properties by analyzing hundreds of spectral bands. Additionally, radar satellite data from commercial and op
en-access missions will be processed and analyzed. The radar data analysis will include different approaches for surface change detection and surface 
displacement analysis. State-of-the-art algorithms will be applied, and new methods will be developed, considering local processing solutions and clou
d computing infrastructures (e.g., Google Earth Engine or similar).  PhD - Investigating Earth's surface properties and their evolution using optical 
and radar observations    Your responsibilities   Developing and implementing research questions. Investigation, selection and pre-processing of multi
-source remote sensing data. Explore the potential of multi-source remote sensing data such as: Analyzing multi-spectral and hyperspectral imagery to 
investigate the surface properties over glacial, periglacial and forested areas. Combining optical and radar imagery to investigate the surface proper
ties over glacial, periglacial and forested areas. Developing algorithms to deal with high spatial and temporal resolution radar and optical imagery. 
Presentation of research results at conferences and publishing results in peer-reviewed journals. Contribution to the teaching of remote sensing cours
es. Close collaboration with research partners at the University of Zurich, Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF), Swiss Federal Institute f
or Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), and the German Aerospace Center (DLR).     Your profile You have completed a M.Sc. degree in photogramme
try, remote sensing, computer vision, physical geography, earth systems science, physics, or related fields. A strong interest and possibly some exper
ience in signal processing, radar data, digital image processing, and change detection analysis is expected.Very good skills in processing and analyzi
ng geospatial data and advanced programming and computational skills (e.g., Python) are required. You have very good written and spoken English and ar
e willing to interact with an interdisciplinary science community. Knowing German is an additional asset, but not required.   What we offer The team w
ill be built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing experienc
es, ideas, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community.We offer a 4-year PhD full posi
tion (with internal evaluation after one year). All doctoral candidates will be members of UZH's graduate program and thus benefit from a comprehensiv
e training program and extensive support measures, including the possibility to spend a period abroad. We offer outstanding working conditions, a high
 quality of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork.   Further information  E-Mail s
chreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024
Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesThe announced
 PhD position is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental ch
anges worldwide. Analysing remote sensing data is complex, and finding solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environm
ental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e., dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining 
how to apply solutions at different scales.The research group aims to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, an
d mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological quest
ions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including managing the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and comm
ercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutions. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new researc
h perspectives. The PhD project intends to exploit the potential of historical aerial images acquired worldwide from the early 1920s until the 2000s. 
This data is a unique and untapped resource that provides the only evidence of the earth's surface over the last century and can be used to create dig
ital elevation models (DEMs) through photogrammetric processing if sufficient stereo coverage is available.In recent years, there has been a growing i
nterest in using this data in the context of climate change and rapid human development. However, this data poses several challenges, such as distorti
on during digitisation, lack of metadata, and poor image quality, which can compromise the quality and success of photogrammetric processing. As a res
ult, new pipelines have been developed to address these challenges and automate data processing.The project aims to develop solutions to process histo
rical aerial images to generate accurate elevation information. Exciting historical aerial images from the Trimetrogon flights over glacierised areas 
in Patagonia have been scanned and are available for use in the PhD project. Additional historical images will be purchased to exploit the potential o
f this data over other glacierised areas in the Chilean Andes and worldwide. Change detection analysis will subsequently be conducted to quantify glac
ier and proglacial changes in the observed area. This will include analysing DEMs from modern data acquired by very high-resolution airborne and satel
lite images. Apart from 3D surface reconstruction, historical images are a valuable source of information for detecting changes in land cover using or
thorectified images. Further research could involve the development of artificial intelligence and deep learning solutions for image segmentation and 
quantifying land cover changes over time (e.g., Dahle et al., 2024).  PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental 
changes    Your responsibilities   Developing and implementing research questions. Testing new photogrammetric pipelines (e.g., Knuth et al., 2023; Ma
iwald et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2021) for processing historical aerial images using commercial and open-source solutions. Sensitivity study with Tri
metrogon flights or other available data aiming at improving our understanding of the impact of photogrammetric processing on the DEM quality. Impleme
ntation of solutions for correcting image distortion introduced during the scanning processing and storage. Applying the photogrammetric processing pi
peline to reconstruct DEM time series from different datasets. Quantify the accuracy and uncertainty of the generated DEMs to assess the significance 
of detected changes. Develop DEM time series methods analysis to extract elevation change information and analyse changes over time, including machine
 learning approaches. Image deep learning segmentation for characterising surface landcover and landcover changes. Presentation of research results at
 conferences and publishing results in peer-reviewed journals. Contribution to the teaching of remote sensing courses. Close collaboration with resear
ch partners at the University of Zurich, University of Magallanes, Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), University o
f Toulouse, and TU Wien.     Your profile You have completed a M.Sc. degree in photogrammetry, remote sensing, computer vision, physical geography, ea
rth systems science, physics, or related fields. A strong interest and possibly some experience in image processing, photogrammetry, computer vision, 
and change detection analysis is expected.Very good skills in processing and analysing geospatial data and advanced programming and computational skil
ls (e.g., Python) are required. Experience and interest in cryosphere processes are welcome. You have very good written and spoken English and are wil
ling to interact with an interdisciplinary science community. Knowing German is an additional asset but not required   What we offer The team will be 
built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing experiences, ide
as, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community.We offer a 4-year PhD full position (w
ith internal evaluation after one year). All doctoral candidates will be members of UZH's graduate program and thus benefit from a comprehensive train
ing program and extensive support measures, including the possibility to spend a period abroad. We offer outstanding working conditions, a high qualit
y of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork.   Further information  E-Mail schreibe
n KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züri
chCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, oth
er cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review y
our options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigatio
n, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's thesis Designing Large-Scale Satellite-Agnostic Geospatial 
Foundation Models In this project, you will develop and evaluate novel ways to build satellite-agnostic geospatial foundation models that are capable 
of processing multi-resolution data from diverse sensors during pretraining and finetuning in a computationally efficient way. The project is executed
 together with the Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing Group at ETH Zurich and requires an affiliation with ETH. The project provides access to IBM HPC 
infrastructure. Significant progress in the development of highly adaptable and reusable artificial intelligence (AI) models is expected to have a maj
or impact on earth science and remote sensing. Foundation models are pre-trained on large unlabeled datasets via self-supervision and subsequently fin
e-tuned with small, labeled datasets for various downstream tasks. The abundance of unlabeled data from multiple satellites makes remote sensing an id
eal domain for pre-training large-scale foundation models. However, recent foundation models for geospatial analysis and remote sensing applications e
xploit only a fraction of the available bands, typically from a single satellite or at constant resolutions. Consequently, the scientific community is
 increasingly interested in developing approaches to build interoperable (i.e., satellite-agnostic) models for Earth observation and remote sensing th
at efficiently exploit multi-sensor, multi-resolution data. Goal This project aims to explore transformer models to result in interoperable, multi-res
olution geospatial foundation models that encode information from various bands. This is an essential step in further enhancing AI models for remote s
ensing to unlock diverse environmental applications. Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, deep learning or a related technical field
, including equivalent practical experience Python, PyTorch, Linux, GitHub/Lab Problem-solving mindset: ability to explore technical literature, cross
-referencing relevant information, synthesis of novel ML architectures Ways to stand out: hands-on experience with HPC systems and job scheduling, pri
or encounters with large-scale transformer architectures, especially with positional encodings, etc.  Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the w
orkplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired b
alance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this exciting position, please submit yo
ur application through the link below.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Digital Investigations in ForensicsErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:8005 ZurichConsultant - Digital Investigations in ForensicsAt EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global s
cale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY 
become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.      The opportunity    The rap
idly growingForensic Technology & eDiscoverydepartment is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opportunity to help us develop
 and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary group of professionals wh
o are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our technical knowhow in large
 international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelerate the fact-finding proces
s with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic knowhow for a technical fac
t-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation engines, social network a
nalysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities       Working in engagemen
t teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collaborating with clients, fraud
 investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations Innovating and de
veloping new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager
 on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    To qualify for theroleyou m
ust have   Degree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and interest in eDiscovery and digital investigation as well as consultin
g   Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Ass
ertive and proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively wi
thin large organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required – any additional language is 
a plus     Ideally, you’ll also have   Solid SQL skills or the interest to build them up quickly Interested in topics like machine learning, unstructu
red data, NLP and other related topics.      What we offer    International multi-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal d
evelopment with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipmen
t, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY 
Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above
, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact our recruitment 
team (E-Mail schreiben/ +41 58 286 33 66).   The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.
     EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and soci
ety and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance 
and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questio
ns to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100%Ernst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:8005 ZurichSenior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100%At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with 
the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective
 to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The rapidly gro
wingForensic Technology & eDiscoverydepartment is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opportunity to help us develop and int
egrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary group of professionals who are op
erating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe.    The opportunity    We apply our technical k
nowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelerate the fact
-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic knowhow for 
a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation engines, s
ocial network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.       Your key responsibilities       Wor
king in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collaborating wi
th clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations 
Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients Supporting the leadership team and the
 project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    Degree (Bac
helor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and at least 3 years of hands on experience in eDiscovery and digital investigation in a reputa
ble consulting/eDiscovery firm At least 3 years of experience with Relativity, Nuix, SQL and other state-of-the-art eDiscovery tools Solid knowledge o
f IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Assertive and proactive 
approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively within large organizati
ons and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required – any additional language is a plus      What we o
ffer    International multi-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of t
rainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent pe
rformance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whi
lst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next
 step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact our recruitment team (E-Mail schreiben/ +41 58 286 33 66).   The excep
tional EY experience. It’s yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni     EY | Building a better working world    EY exists 
to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled 
by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working
 across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing ou
r world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Strategy Consultant Financial Services (all genders) AccentureBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zurich     Are you deeply passionate about business strategy and customer-centric 
innovation with application to the financial services industry? Are you ready to build new ventures? Are you interested in deriving business value fro
m latest technologies (web 3.0, DeFi, big data and artificial intelligence) disrupting the financial services industry?   Then join our Strategy Finan
cial Services team and be part of the future of finance!   Our practice is Accenture Strategy Financial Services Switzerland and we shape the C-level 
agenda of leading financial service companies and fast-growing FinTechs. Operating from our global wealth management center of excellence in Zurich, w
e combine in-depth banking expertise with strategic excellence to solve our clients' most pressing challenges.  What awaits you    Develop next genera
tion banking business models that leverage blockchain technologies, DeFi, tokenization and digital assets   Create digital product strategies that exc
ite users and unlock new revenue streams   M&A, venture building and fit-for-future restructuring to support the growth of our clients   Develop intel
ligent operating models that allow companies to scale and adapt to constant market change   Infuse creative thinking, thought leadership and agile min
dsets to transform the Client culture   Develop in-depth expertise in financial services industry and disseminate our point of view through publicatio
ns and conferences   Grow with the team and take end-to-end responsibility for global strategic projects   Collaborate with experts ranging from resea
rch, technology, to user experience design to bring the best solutions to clients      What we're looking forward to    Excellent master's, or diploma
 degree, preferably with PhD/MBA, in business administration, commerce, (industrial) engineering, or computer science   Track record either in strateg
y/management consulting for financial services providers in a leading role or in business development, analytics, or big data in a financial services 
or insurance environment or in developing new business models   Sales experience and well-versed with cost reduction processes and workforce transform
ation   Good methodological, analytical, and conceptual skills combined with affinity for technology: blockchain, big data, analytics, artificial inte
lligence, web 3.0   Agile mindset, strong communication skills in both German and English, high customer orientation and confident face to face      Y
our perks at Accenture    Do something meaningful and be part of the future of finance   Fast moving and challenging business problems   Modern work c
ulture with flexible working hour models and part-time possible   Flat hierarchies and international work environment   Tap into a global network of e
xperts in technology, strategy and design   Exposure to top management, fast learning curve and personal growth   Competitive compensation package    
  Get in Contact Any questions? Then contact our Recruiting Team via email at Write an email or by telephone at 00 800 450 450 45. We look forward to 
receiving your application!  #LI-EU    KontaktAccenture(10)42 Jobshttps://www.accenture.ch/karriereBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Process Automation LeadThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:AllschwilBusiness Process Automation Lead  Job Description     Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with ann
ual revenue exceeding $40 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are ac
celerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or growing efficiency in their l
aboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 100,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies
, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen,
 Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD.   Fisher Clinical Services GmbH is part of Thermo Fisher Scientific Corporation, a world-clas
s company serving the scientific community and healthcare industry. We are leaders in providing clinical supply chain management services and clinical
 supplies distributed to patients worldwide. For more information about our site in Allschwil please visit: www.fisherclinicalservices.com    Your Res
ponsibilities:   Analyzing current business processes and finding opportunities for automation and AI. Designing and implementing efficient and effect
ive business process automation solutions. Collaborating with customers to understand their requirements and struggles. Providing technical expertise,
 guidance, and support. Supporting the design and implementation of automation and AI solutions. Conducting feasibility studies and cost-benefit analy
sis for automation and AI projects. Leading and supervising automation & AI projects. Developing and maintaining process documentation. Ensuring compl
iance and quality control. Providing training and support to end-users. Monitoring and evaluating the performance of automated processes. Keeping up-t
o-date with industry trends and best practices in business process automation and AI.     Your Qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
, Engineering, or a related field, Master's degree is preferred and 8-10 years relevant business experience. Proven experience in designing and implem
enting automation and AI solutions. Solid understanding of programming languages such as Python, R, or Java. Proficiency in machine learning technique
s, algorithms, and frameworks. Familiarity with automation tools and platforms, such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Analytical AI, and Generativ
e AI. Expertise of data analysis, data visualization, and statistical modeling. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong communication 
and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Ability to work independently and lead multiple pro
jects simultaneously. Continuous learning attitude and willingness to adapt to new technologies and methodologies.    When your part of the team at Th
ermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our fo
od is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. Watch as our colleagues explain 5 reasons t
o work with us (https://jobs.thermofisher.com/global/en/5-reasons-to-work-at-thermo-fisher-scientific) . As one team of 100,000+ colleagues, we share 
a common set of values - Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement - working together to accelerate research, solve complex scientific challeng
es, drive technological innovation and support patients in need. #StartYourStory at Thermo Fisher Scientific, where diverse experiences, backgrounds a
nd perspectives are valued. ​ ​Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com  ​Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not
 discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability o
r any other legally protected status. KontaktThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AG(0)33 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Backend Developer (TypeScript, C#) noimos AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:12 Februar 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:ZürichAre you pa
ssionate about creating real impact through AI technologies?   We are. Come join our talented and driven team to shape our organization and the insura
nce industry at large.  Who needs your support? noimos is a Zurich-based, but globally focused, start-up harnessing the potential of ML, computer visi
on, and design to shake up the insurance industry and revolutionize the all-important claims process. We are an independent subsidiary of one of the l
argest insurance groups in the world, AXA, enjoying many of the benefits that come along with it. noimos is a small group of experienced professionals
, with strong backgrounds in technology, entrepreneurship, and insurance. We are passionate about making a difference with our products and enjoying o
urselves along the way. The challenges we tackle at noimos are diverse, demanding, and meaningful.    This is what you contribute Do you want to shape
 the vision of noimos from a developer's perspective? As Backend Developer you will have a system-wide impact by developing the newest product feature
s and hunting the sneakiest cross-domain issues. Using the latest technology and frameworks, you work with modern methods and create complex web appli
cations to help noimos to revolutionize claims processing. Your new mission looks like this:    You analyse new software requirements for their feasib
ility and complexity. You develop the backend solutions using microservices. You compile and analyse data, processes, and code to troubleshoot problem
s and identify areas for improvement. You define and develop the interfaces to the components (APIs) and the data models used by the systems. You main
tain running systems in production, identify and fix bugs in them.    Our Tech-Stack:  Frontend (React, TypeScript) Backend (NestJS, ASP.NET, Postgres
, TypeORM) Infrastructure (GCP, Terraform, Linux, Data migration, Security, GitHub Actions, CI/CD)  This turns you into the perfect candidate  You hav
e 3+ years of experience with Development and its application to business problems. ? You have a University or technical college degree in computer sc
ience or anything comparable. You enrich your team with very good experience in NestJS, ASP.NET, Postgres, TypeORM. Furthermore, you have knowledge of
 our frontend technologies, as well as with GitHub and Cloud Platforms (GCP, AWS, Azure). You enjoy collaborating in a diverse environment, and develo
ping fit-for-purpose solutions together with PO's, ML Engineers and other developers. You're working in a startup spirit (all hands on deck / MVP thin
king). You are proficient in English, German is a plus.    Nice to have:  You have working experience with ChatGPT or other LLMs. You are interested i
n function programming, DDD, CQRS and event sourcing.  Benefits 5 weeks vacation Choose your hardware Flexible working hours Bike room and showers Hom
e office / remote working 2 days per week International team Part time possible Bonus payment Air conditioning and standing desk Very good pension fun
d/or solutions Well-connected office Startup culture & convivial team events  Barbara Kudyba Kontaktnoimos AG(0)1 JobBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job meld
en


Medical Image Co-RegistrationForschungsstiftung für Informationstechnologie und GesellschaftBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Dezember 2019Pensum:10
0%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichMedical Image Co-RegistrationJOBS Medical Image Co-Registration Semester / Master Project – Medical Image Co-
Registration The aim of this project is to improve investigations about invasive and non-invasive brain stimulation techniques such as transcranial al
ternate current (TACs) or magnetic (TMS) stimulation, deep brain stimulation (DBS), and temporal interference stimulation (TIS), through: i) the ident
ification of co-registration and normalization parameters of our existing Virtual Population (ViP) anatomical human brain models to reference brain co
ordinate systems (such as MNI); ii) the definition of coordinate transformation from these reference systems to the real space; iii) the co-registrati
on of a brain atlas (e.g., Allan or HBP human brain atlas) into the ViP brain models, and iv) the identification of fiducial points for the identifica
tion of the 10-10 International electroencephalogram (EEG) Electrode System electrodes in our head models. Depending on the interest and ability of th
e applicant, the identified transformation parameters, atlases, and fiducial points will be integrated in future ViP releases and made available withi
n the life science Sim4Life simulation platform (www.zmt.swiss/sim4life). Students who wish to apply should have at least three of the following skill
s: at least one completed course in medical imaging processing or computer vision practical experience with neuroimaging data processing using FSL or 
SPM knowledge of co-registration and normalization techniques good programming skills in Python or C++ The project will give the student the opportuni
ty to gain hands-on experience with multiple techniques including image-based modelling and computational electromagnetics. The extent of the project 
will be individually adapted and finalized according to the interests and background of the student. The workplace will be at the IT’IS Foundation in 
Zurich and the student will be supervised by the ViP team in collaboration with the neurostimulation team. The project will include: a survey of the a
pproaches reported in recent literature definition of a co-registration and normalization pipeline implementation of coordinate transformations use of
 the implemented tools in ongoing study about brain stimulation Please contact Dr. Bryn Lloyd for more information and further details. Supervisors: D
r. Antonino M. Cassará, Dr. Bryn Lloyd Type of Work: Computational life sciences Professor: Niels Kuster Please send applications to Charlotte Roberts
 at E-Mail schreiben BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - Consumer Products, Retail & Manufacturing Director (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInvent - Consumer Products, Retail & Manufacturing Director (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design, and transformatio
n brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in nearly 40 studios and m
ore than 60 offices around the world, it comprises a 12,500+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand expe
rts, and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. To strengthen our CPR & Ma
nufacturing team in Switzerland, we are looking for a CPR & Manufacturing Director (m/f/d) for our Zurich, Geneva, or Lausanne office.  Be the change:
 as the innovation and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, futur
e-proof topics that challenge and transform the status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere wi
thin a large company where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - on our clients, society, and yourself. Growth and development: caree
r pathways are transparently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the ins
titute” or other tailored training programs within a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance through a flexible o
ffice – / home ratio, the possibility to do a sabbatical, and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular team and company ev
ents allow us to connect in an informal and personal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standing
 corporate culture is open-minded and internationally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


VP, Information SecuritySophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleVP, Information
 SecurityDo you bring experience in leading Information Security processes for Cloud-Based software and computing? Are you interested in advancing tec
hnologies and AI, coupled with a passion for having a positive impact?   With over 1.5 Million genomic profiles analysed, we have a lot of data and it
 needs protecting. Join us on our healthcare revolution to positively impact patient's lives as our new VP, Information Security.     Our Mission  We 
believe there is a smarter, more data-driven way to make decisions in healthcare and our cloud-native AI powered SOPHiA DDM Platform makes that vision
 a reality on a daily basis. You will have direct input to our mission to democratize data-driven medicine for the ultimate benefit of cancer and rare
 disease patients across the globe.   Your Mission  Reporting to the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer, you will have direct ownership and responsibili
ty for our Information Security processes ensuring we implement and uphold best-in-class protocols.  Regular performance of risk assessments, risk rep
orting and tracking of relevant issues, with resolution action plans Partner closely with CTO, Technology teams, software development and engineering 
to drive practical solutions to security during development Define and implement information security best practices and information management SOPs I
dentification and management of InfoSec software tools for the protection of company assets   Requirements  To be best set for success in this role, w
e see you bringing:  10+ Years within Information Security, with direct experience leading an InfoSec function. Experience working within a global or 
international matrixed environment with knowledge of EMEA and NORAM InfoSec Best Practice. Understanding of major software architectures, including op
erating within cloud & distributed computing networks, ideally having led the InfoSec function of a large Cloud-Computing or Software organisation.  F
urther knowledge within healthcare, life science, medical software or pharmaceutical with a robust understanding of Health Information & Data protecti
on regulations is valuable.  Knowledge of ISO 27001, HIPAA and GDPR Essential, further knowledge of ISO/IEC 27017, HITRUST, OSCP, SSCP, CISSP, CISM an
d CISA highly beneficial Expert in many of the following domains: Penetration testing & audit; Systems hardening; Vulnerability management; Security i
ncident management; Secure development; Endpoint protection; Security Monitoring   Benefits   You will be joining an organisation with the patient at 
the heart of every decision and action, driven by purpose as we drive exponential growth to our new business unit.   Business recognition and accolade
s include:    World's most innovative companies (Top 10) World's smartest companies (Top 50) 100 Best Places to Work in Boston Top 10 European Tech St
artup Top 10 European biotechs startup to watch Top 25 East-Coast Biotech to watch     This role can be based at any of our corporate office locations
 (Rolle, CH; Bidart, FR or Boston, MA). This is an office-based role with a hybrid work agreement.     A flexible, friendly and international working 
environment with a collaborative atmosphere An exciting company mission that brings together science and technology to directly impact the lives of pa
tients with life threatening illness. A fast-growing company with plenty of opportunity for personal growth and development A hard technical challenge
 to solve with exciting modern technology - cloud computing, Big Data, DevOps, machine learning    The Process  Apply now with your CV and any support
ing information.   Suitably qualified candidates will be invited through an interview and screening process where you will speak with members of our T
alent Acquisition Team, the hiring leader alongside key colleagues and stakeholders from across the business.    Starting Date: ASAP Contract: Full-Ti
me, Permanent BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer - Industrial IoT (all genders)Angst+Pfister AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:DübendorfSoftware Engineer - Industrial IoT (all genders)Are you ready to be at the forefront of Industry 4.0 innovation? We're on the lookout for
 a highly motivated and experienced Software Engineer with a solid background in Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) and Machine Learning to join our
 dynamic team. As a key member of our Group Engineering team, you'll play a pivotal role in developing cutting-edge Industry 4.0 software solutions th
at harness the power of IIoT and Machine Learning technologies, ultimately enhancing our production capabilities.  YOUR MISSION  As a Software Enginee
r specializing in Industrial IoT, your responsibilities will include: Designing, developing, and deploying end-to-end IIoT solutions. Implementing and
 optimizing communication protocols for IIoT devices. Implementing machine learning algorithms for analyzing and extracting meaningful insights from I
IoT data, with a focus on predictive maintenance, anomaly detection, and other relevant use cases. Designing and implementing Industry 4.0 software so
lutions that seamlessly bridge the gap between IIoT devices and machine learning models. Developing scalable and maintainable code for deployment in d
iverse environments. Designing and implementing data storage and retrieval mechanisms tailored for IIoT data. Ensuring data integrity, security, and c
ompliance with relevant standards. Staying current with Industry 4.0 trends and emerging technologies to drive innovation in software development. YOU
R PROFILE  To thrive in this role, you should possess: A Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field. 3+ years of 
experience in software development with a focus on IIoT and Machine Learning. Experience working in an Agile methodology. Proficiency in programming l
anguages such as Python, C++, or Java. A strong understanding of IIoT protocols, standards, and architectures. Experience with machine learning framew
orks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Familiarity with edge computing and cloud-based IIoT platforms. Strong written and verbal English skills. German i
s a plus. Excellent problem-solving and communication skills. The ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. ANGST+PFISTER DNA:  The Angst
+Pfister Group has been a leading development and production partner for industrial components for over 100 years. As a globally active product and ma
terials specialist, Angst+Pfister serves customers - particularly in Europe, US, and Asia. We develop and manufacture customized and innovative produc
t solutions together with our customers. At Angst+Pfister, innovative thinking isn't just a mantra; it's the heartbeat of our culture. We thrive on dy
namism, where change is not feared, but embraced as an opportunity for growth. With a commitment to self-management, every team member is empowered to
 take ownership of their work and drive results. Collaboration is in our DNA, as we believe that the best ideas come from the collective genius of our
 diverse and passionate team. We're performance-driven, pushing boundaries and aiming for excellence in everything we do. Our commitment to fairness e
nsures that everyone has an equal chance to succeed, and together, we foster an environment of continuous growth, where every day is an exciting journ
ey towards a brighter future.  YOUR BENEFITS You are part of a company that promotes trust and relies on your ability for self-management and personal
 responsibility. You work in a well-established company that serves a broad range of clients across different industries. You have the chance to work 
at the Innovation Park in Dübendorf, where science and business come together. You are part of a young, dynamic team in an international environment a
nd have individual career opportunities. If you're passionate about shaping the future of industrial technology, driving innovation, and making a sign
ificant impact, we encourage you to apply. Your expertise will contribute to the development of cutting-edge solutions at the intersection of IIoT and
 Machine Learning, propelling us towards new heights in Industry 4.0. Join our team where diversity thrives. We're an equal opportunity employer—your 
unique talents are what we're after. No discrimination, just endless possibilities. Apply now and let's build a brighter future together! KontaktAngst
+Pfister AG(3)6 Jobshttps://www.angst-pfister.com/de/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEngETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:ZürichPhD st
udent in Physiological Sensing/BioEngPhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEng 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Sensing, Interaction & Perception Lab is
 looking for a PhD student in physiological sensing. This job ad is intentionally short and only complete applications will be considered. In short, p
romising applicants have built their own physiological sensor before (e.g., PPG, ECG) and custom PCB as part of an embedded device. To learn more abou
t our research, check out our website Project background Background will be our previous work on mobile health, continuous physiological sensing, and 
precision medicine. Job description We will work on novel sensing prototypes for physiological signals, embedded systems, signal processing, and physi
ological modeling related to our previous work. Your profile Prerequisites Candidates should have an excellent master's degree in Electrical Engineeri
ng, Bioengineering, Mechatronics, Robotics, Computer Science, or related. Candidates should also have: 1) demonstrated experience in physiological sen
sing and hardware prototyping  comprehend, process, and evaluate hardware datasheets & schematics schematic & PCB layout design (e.g., in Altium, Cade
nce, KiCad), ideally simulation tools like LTspice hands-on soldering prototypes and assembling them to working units firmware development and debuggi
ng (C/C++) low-level interfaces and communication standards (I2C, SPI, UART, BLE, ...)  2) demonstrated experience in basic human physiology, especial
ly  understanding basic cardiac physiological processes experience working with physiological data analyze cardiac data of cardiac dysfunction for res
earch purposes  3) demonstrated experience in signal processing  physiological sensing systems (e.g., PPG, ECG, EOG, ...) bonus: ML-based signal proce
ssing (deep learning on time series)  Application documents to be submitted  a PDF showing your projects that are most relevant to this position  (thi
s should include at least one custom physiological sensing device that you created and describe the signal processing you performed, on device or offl
ine post-hoc)  your CV university score records (for undergrad and master's) contact details of at least two academic referees  This position is not a
 match for candidates who have exclusively worked with existing datasets and designed machine learning methods for them. All applications require a de
monstrated experience in sensing and hardware prototyping. Your workplace Your workplace We offer We offer an exciting environment to study and work i
n. For more information, check out ETH has several internationally recognized research groups dedicated to hardware prototyping, electrical engineerin
g, robotics, signal processing, physiological computing, and machine learning. We collaborate with several of them as well as institutions and compani
es in Switzerland and abroad. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We process applications in two s
tages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the outcome of their submission 
within a month. Please do not send your documents via email. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We 
process applications in two stages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the
 outcome of their submission within a month. Please do not send your documents via email.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Business Transformation Manager - SAP S/4HANA (FI/CO/MM/SD/PP) (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichBusiness Transformation Manager - SAP S/4HANA (FI/CO/MM/SD/PP) (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design, and transfo
rmation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in nearly 30 studios
 and more than 60 offices around the world, it comprises a 12,500+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, bran
d experts, and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. At Capgemini Invent,
 we help our clients to embrace innovation and transformation to get the future they want. For our fast-growing Enterprise Transformation team in Gene
va, Lausanne and Zurich, we are looking for a Business Transformation Manager - SAP S/4HANA (FI/CO/MM/SD/PP) (m/f/d)  Be the change: As the innovation
 and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, future-proof topics tha
t challenge and transform the status quo Dynamic atmosphere: We offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere within a large compan
y where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - on our clients, society, and yourself Growth and development: Career pathways are trans
parently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the institute” or other tai
lored training programs within a global network of experts Work-life balance: We safeguard work-life balance through a flexible office – / home ratio 
and our Capgemini well-being hub Team spirit and community: Our regular team and company events allow us to connect in an informal and personal way Di
versity & Inclusion: We believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standing corporate culture is open-minded and internationally orient
ed. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Quality Assurance EngineerExeon Analytics AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(
Senior) Quality Assurance Engineer 80- 100% | immediately | remote in Switzerland About  Exeon:   Founded in 2016, Exeon is a Swiss-based cyber tech c
ompany on a mission to use cutting-edge technology to protect sensitive data and corporate networks. ExeonTrace, our ML-powered Network Detection & Re
sponse (NDR) platform, enables companies to monitor corporate networks, immediately detect cyber threats, and effectively safeguard their IT and OT ne
tworks – quickly, reliably, and completely hardware-free. The self-learning algorithms for detecting anomalies in network activity were developed at E
TH Zurich and are based on more than ten years of academic research. Exeon was recognized with various international awards across Europe. Our interdi
sciplinary team consists of data scientists, machine learning experts, white hat hackers, network security specialists and business professionals. We 
are committed to becoming a leading NDR provider and have already gained the trust of renowned companies across Europe. What your impact will be like:
   As a QA Engineer at Exeon, you will be a core member of our Development Team thus closely collaborate with our QA, our backend and frontend develop
ers and professional service engineers. You will improve the quality of our cutting-edge software, ExeonTrace by designing, implementing, and executin
g tests, identifying, and documenting defects, and cooperate with our developers to resolve issues.  In particular, you will:   Provide timely and mea
ningful feedback by reviewing requirements, specifications, and technical design documents.  Create detailed, well-structured, and comprehensive test 
plans and test cases.  Coordinate, prioritize, and plan testing activities including estimation.  Conduct regression testing thoroughly after resolvin
g bugs.  Develop and apply testing processes to meet client needs.  Work closely with our developers to identify system requirements while tracking th
e quality assurance metrics such as open defect counts and defect densities.  In the medium or long term, implement automated tests using open-source 
tooling. What you can expect from us:  Exeon offers an open company culture that values and encourages diversity, teamwork and a growth mindset. Our g
oal is to provide our employees with an exciting, supportive and motivating environment for personal growth and career development while ensuring that
 our team maintains a healthy work-life balance. We strive to achieve this by offering:   Manifold opportunities to shape your professional profile an
d grow according to your personal goals in an innovative start-up environment.  Working in close collaboration with our interdisciplinary team and lea
rning from our Security Experts, Data Scientists, and Business Professionals Taking over responsibilities quickly and help shape and promote a cutting
-edge security software.  A high degree of trust, flexibility and independence  An exciting and impactful job in a fast-growing Swiss cyber tech compa
ny expanding across Europe.  Many freedoms in terms of working hours and place of work (remote or in the office)  A young, diverse and dynamic team of
 tech and business professionals  A competitive salary and appealing benefits package  Lots of fun, exciting interactions and new challenges What make
s a good person-job-fit:  We are looking for a proactive, self-motivated and enthusiastic individual who’s comfortable in a high-paced start-up enviro
nment. In addition, we are looking for certain requirements and skills to establish a good person-job-fit:  Must haves:   A thorough understanding of 
Agile methodology, QA, and Defect Lifecycle   Open, reliable, and collaborative professional who enjoys working in teams and can take ownership over i
ndividual projects.  Strong knowledge of testing practices, including the ability to efficiently specify, develop, and support test cases and test pla
ns.  Familiarity with Selenium test automation involving Python (behave)  Experience with BrowserStack, for cross-browser testing, Insomnia for API te
sting, or other similar manual testing tooling.  An initiative, solution-oriented, innovative professional, who is passionate about ensuring quality. 
  Experience with LaTeX and willingness to create documentation with it.   Familiarity with Linux and Docker.   Fluent English. Nice to haves:   Exper
ience with cybersecurity or even network security products.  A professional who has a master’s degree in computer science/electrical engineering/cyber
 security (or similar) and ideally at least three years of practical experience. KontaktExeon Analytics AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.exeon.comBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Research Associate at the Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial Intelligence/ML PhD PositionUniversität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffe
ntlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenResearch Associate at the Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial I
ntelligence/ML PhD PositionThe Chair of Prof. Dr. Christoph Lechner at the Institute of Management & Strategy (IoMS) at the University of St. Gallen s
eeks to hire a 100% Research Associate (PhD Position). We are looking for candidates who want to work at the interface of strategic management and com
puter science.The researcher will benefit from hands-on experience with novel research methods and opportunities to work closely with international co
rporate partners, consulting firms and the world's leading academic institutions. The Institute of Strategy & Management's work environment is informa
l, intellectually stimulating, and exciting. Before you submit your application, please ensure that your degree matches the formal requirements to enr
oll in a PhD program at the University of St. Gallen: https://www.unisg.ch/en/studium/zulassungundanmeldung/zuldoktoratsstufe  For further questions, 
please contact E-Mail schreiben. You can find more information about us and our institute on our website: www.ifb.unisg.ch   Research Associate at the
 Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial Intelligence/ML PhD Position    Your tasks   Challenging research according to international standar
ds on topics at the interface of strategic management and artificial intelligence/ machine learning Writing of scientific publications and participati
on in international conferences Support in teaching at Bachelor, Master and Executive Education level Collaboration in company cooperations, research 
consortia and consulting firms     Your profile   Candidates for this position are expected to enroll in the PhD program in Management at the Universi
ty of St. Gallen, with the main doctoral supervisor being Prof. Dr. Christoph Lechner  Candidates should fulfill the following qualifications: Outstan
ding Master's degree in business/management, a related field from a leading university or business school, and/or knowledge in computer science (AI) D
emonstrated aptitude to work on analytical problems; if possible, with scientific methods Knowledge of statistics, AI and Machine learning (possibly P
ython or R) is important Previous research experience, especially with analyzing datasets, is a definite plus First practical experience in a professi
on closely related to strategic management   The ideal candidate should have a combination of the following qualities: intellectually curious and like
s thinking about complex ideas with high “brain-power” is comfortable working with data Stays organized and can manage multiple projects simultaneousl
y Demonstrates a proactive, hands-on mentality attitude towards works Can work collaboratively in a team environment Communicates very effectively in 
German and English (Level C1 or higher, oral and written)   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economic
s and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of 
the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional s
taff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Intern Global Commercial Business ManagementSwarovski (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichIntern Global Commercial Business Management At Swarovski, where innovation meets inspiration, our people desire to explore, experience an
d create. As an Intern Global Commercial Business Management you will get a chance to work in a rewarding role within a diverse team that is pushing b
oundaries. Be part of a truly iconic global brand, learn and grow with us. We’re bold and inventive, revealing astonishing things like no one else can
. A world of wonder awaits you.   About the job: Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Leading the process of extracting data from v
arious internal systems, ensuring seamless integration while upholding data integrity and accuracy standards. Undertaking the role of cleansing and pr
eprocessing raw data to enhance its quality and consistency. Tasks include outlier removal, handling missing values, and standardizing formats to prep
are the data for further analysis. Conducting comprehensive exploratory data analysis (EDA) to unveil patterns, trends, and insights within retail dat
a, providing valuable inputs crucial for strategic decision-making within the organization. Utilizing tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Matplotlib/Seab
orn in Python to craft visually compelling data visualizations, dashboards, and reports, and effectively communicating key findings and insights deriv
ed from the data analysis process to stakeholders. Extending responsibilities to developing predictive models using various machine learning algorithm
s, aiming to anticipate sales trends and contribute to the formulation of commercial strategies.    About you: We are looking for a unique and amazing
 talent who brings along the following:    A university degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field, or current
ly pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in the aforementioned fields. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Proficiency in English, wit
h excellent presentation and communication skills. Team orientation and the ability to work effectively with all levels of the organization. An innova
tive and creative approach whenever possible, coupled with a can-do attitude    What we offer You can expect a range of benefits, including:  Swarovsk
i products discounts Full coverage of accident insurance Attractive pension fund conditions Employee canteen with buffet    Masters of Light Since 189
5 Swarovski creates beautiful crystal-based products of impeccable quality and craftsmanship that bring joy and celebrate individuality. Founded in 18
95 in Austria, the company designs, manufactures and sells the world's finest crystal, gemstones, Swarovski Created Diamonds and zirconia, jewelry, an
d accessories, as well as crystal objects and home accessories. Swarovski Crystal Business has a global reach with approximately 2,400 stores and 6,70
0 points of sales in around 140 countries and employs more than 18,000 people. Together with its sister companies Swarovski Optik (optical devices) an
d Tyrolit (abrasives), Swarovski Crystal Business forms the Swarovski Group. A responsible relationship with people and the planet is part of Swarovsk
i’s heritage. Today this legacy is rooted in sustainability measures across the value chain, with an emphasis on circular innovation, championing dive
rsity, inclusion and self-expression, and in the philanthropic work of the Swarovski Foundation, which supports charitable organizations bringing posi
tive environmental and social impact. Swarovski is an equal opportunity employer. We give our people the guts to celebrate individuality and pride our
selves on creating a workplace where people feel involved, respected, valued, connected, and heard. A place where anyone/everyone belongs. All aspects
 of employment including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge, will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs.
 We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregna
ncy, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under the law of the countries we operat
e in. KontaktSWAROVSKI AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT(0)20 Jobshttps://www.swarovski.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Fundraising Lead ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zurich  Fundr
aising Lead  We are seeking a Fundraising Lead to join our Operations Group, and support in the development and execution of strategies to manage high
ly strategic partnerships and raise funding for our mission. Crowther Lab is a unique research group creating the scientific foundation for the protec
tion and restoration of nature.  The Operations Group is focused on building the bridge between science and action; helping to shape our scientific st
rategy and improve societies efforts to protect biodiversity. In 2020 we founded Restor, an online platform to enable, expand and accelerate an ecolog
ically responsible restoration movement facilitating over 200,000 project sites around the world. Crowther Lab is a scientific advisor to the World Ec
onomic Forum’s 1t.org, the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration and Restor.  Project background  The loss of global biodiversity remains one of the most
 difficult challenges of our time. To help tackle this global challenge, our research aims to explore the fundamental forces shaping global biodiversi
ty, and try to facilitate the millions of local communities, farmers and indigenous populations who are protecting nature across the planet. As such, 
our group includes a highly diverse range of scientific, technical and policy experts. But the scope and impact of this research is ultimately determi
ned by the availability of funding available to support the collective efforts. To facilitate this work, we are seeking a highly-motivated, and creati
ve expert to build partnerships with funding organizations and develop sustainable funding strategies that support our work and its applications in th
e long-term.  Job description  Identify and Develop Sustainable Funding Strategies  Collaborate with diverse stakeholders to create funding opportunit
ies Innovate new funding models (across corporate, private, institutional funders, and philanthropic foundations) to deliver financial sustainability 
and growth Ensure ethical practices in fundraising activities to maintain trust  Develop Proposals and Organize Engagement Events  Develop creative fu
nding proposals to be pitched across a wide variety of stakeholders Organize and partner on engagement events to connect researchers, donors, and comm
unity members  Ensure transparency and integrity in the research proposal process  Build & Maintain Partnerships with Organizations  Forge strong rela
tionships with funding organizations and strategic partners to secure funding Foster a supportive environment within partnerships for mutual growth an
d success Ensure inclusivity and diversity in partnership development for broad impact Deliver reports to funding organisations regarding the use of f
unds and impact generated  Engage Team Members & Key Collaborators to Support Fundraising Efforts  Empower team members and collaborators to contribut
e effectively to fundraising efforts Create an inclusive environment where everyone feels valued and motivated to support fundraising goals   Your pro
file  You have experience in fundraising and partnership building and are an independent, creative, and personable colleague. You can develop and impl
ement effective strategies to collaborate with external partners and advance the sustainable development of our research. You have a proven track reco
rd in both (i) writing grant proposals and (ii) developing events and programs to engage potential partners. You see this role as an opportunity to es
tablish a new program that significantly contributes to global biodiversity research and to address pressing sustainability challenges of our time. Lo
oking ahead, you will be motivated to build a team that enhances the longevity of our research efforts. We are seeking an individual who is proactive 
and adaptable, able to thrive in a dynamic work environment. Your role will entail continuous learning and the ability to swiftly adapt to new challen
ges. You are used to meet tight deadlines and formulate pitches and ideas promptly and effectively. While formal knowledge in earth or environmental s
cience isn't required, you'll be responsible for effectively communicating our scientific findings to a diverse audience, in collaboration with our He
ad of Science and Policy Director.  We offer   Training opportunities: researchers have access to cutting-edge tools and methodologies to address glob
al ecological challenges Perspectives for career development: our group's focus on generating globally-relevant ecosystem information provides valuabl
e expertise sought after in academia, industry, and conservation organizations Support programmes (e.g. mentoring) and networks: we foster a supportiv
e environment with mentoring programs and strong networks with partners Your (team) culture and team composition: members from diverse backgrounds, in
cluding ecologists, data scientists, and communication specialists. Collaboration and knowledge exchange are encouraged Working environment and employ
ment conditions: At ETH Zurich, people with different perspectives and in many varied roles study, do research and work together. A good working atmos
phere encourages outstanding performances. We therefore believe it is important to foster a team spirit, build trust and create a stimulating environm
ent ETH Zurich does not tolerate any discrimination towards its members of staff, be it on the grounds of gender or social, ethnic or religious backgr
ound. By fostering a culture of mutual respect, we create an inclusive and inspiring environment where everyone can develop their full potential and p
erform at their best    Working, teaching and research at ETH Zurich   We value diversity In line with  our values  , ETH Zurich encourages an inclusi
ve culture. We promote equality of opportunity, value diversity and nurture a working and learning environment in which the rights and dignity of all 
our staff and students are respected. Visit our  Equal Opportunities and Diversity website   to find out how we ensure a fair and open environment tha
t allows everyone to grow and flourish. Curious? So are we.  We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curre
nt CV  Cover Letter  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or po
stal services will not be considered. We hope to conclude this job call before 5th June.   Further information about our group can be found on our  we
bsite  . Questions regarding the position should be directed to Emily Clark,  email [Write an email] (no applications).  For recruitment services the 
 GTC of ETH Zurich   apply.  About ETH Zürich ETH Zurich is one of the world’s leading universities specialising in science and technology. We are ren
owned for our excellent education, cutting-edge fundamental research and direct transfer of new knowledge into society. Over 30,000 people from more t
han 120 countries find our university to be a place that promotes independent thinking and an environment that inspires excellence. Located in the hea
rt of Europe, yet forging connections all over the world, we work together to develop solutions for the global challenges of today and tomorrow.  Kont
aktETH Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich(9)33 Jobshttps://www.ethz.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior C++ Engineer (Optimization)Scandit AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 August 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior C+
+ Engineer (Optimization)Scandit is a high-growth tech scaleup from Switzerland with offices in Zurich, Boston, Warsaw, London, Singapore, Tokyo, and 
Tampere. Our market-leading smart data capture technology enables businesses to use any standard mobile phone to extract data from barcodes, ID docume
nts, text, and objects.  The barcode decoding team at Scandit builds cutting edge computer vision solutions. Our mission is to replace every hardware 
scanner in the world with a Scandit powered mobile app. In addition we provide computer vision components for all Scandit products including augmented
 reality and shelf monitoring.  About the Role  As a Senior C++ Engineer in the barcode decoding team, you will work together with computer vision and
 machine learning engineers on our Data Capture SDK product, a software library for mobile phones. You are responsible for good software architecture,
 data structures and tooling. You optimize our real-time on-device algorithms so that they scale on different hardware platforms and work for differen
t use-cases.  What You Will Do Optimize and extend our in-house computer vision library and deep learning inference engine Enhance the scheduling of c
omputer vision tasks on heterogeneous architectures (CPU/GPU/TPU) for different use-cases Improve the accuracy and capabilities of our on-device perfo
rmance profiling system Design and refine APIs and the architecture of our SDK components Support CV/ML engineers with C++ code review and integration
 Lead projects on a technical level Our Tech Stack Computer vision algorithms: C++17, CMake Machine learning training and tooling: Python, Pytorch Acc
eleration: SIMD, Vulkan, CoreML Who You Are  You have a passion for efficient and well maintainable code. You are excited about the latest development
s in C++ and like to advocate for them. In your past career you have worked on large C++ projects and deployed them to production successfully. Ideall
y, you have: A MSc in computer science or a related field You have 5+ years of experience writing modern cross-platform C++ code You have optimized al
gorithms using multi-threading and SIMD You believe in automated testing for producing high-quality code Ideally you are familiar with the ARM archite
cture (incl. NEON) Ideally you have worked on GPGPU implementations in OpenGL(ES), Vulkan or Metal Experience in mobile development, computer vision o
r machine learning is a plus Experience in Python programming is a plus You are thorough and pay attention to details What We Offer  Here are just som
e of the reasons why people choose to build their career at Scandit: A highly skilled team and a fun environment where you can put your enthusiasm for
 cutting-edge technologies to use Excellent office infrastructure, optimized for hybrid working in Zurich, Warsaw, Tampere, and London. Excellent supp
ort for remote work across the UK, France, Italy, Spain, and Germany Innovation hackathons People-first culture Global team outings Festive/end of yea
r all company celebrations Extra vacation day off on your birthday An attractive individual equity plan in a high growth company Do good and give back
 with two impact days where you are able to give time to one of our trusted nonprofit partners Specific benefits related to the location you are joini
ng Who We Are  Could your code give superpowers? Whether enabling delivery drivers to make quicker deliveries, matching a patient with their medicatio
n or allowing retailers to make store operations more efficient, our technology automates workflows and provides actionable insights to help businesse
s in a variety of industries. This means we have no shortage of technical challenges for engineers like you. Join us, as we continue to expand, grow a
nd innovate, and help take Scandit to the next level.  “Everybody is welcome here” - Is a celebrated component of our DNA.   At Scandit we strive to c
reate an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experie
nces and are proud to be a safe space for all.   All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, 
nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability or length of time spent unemployed. KontaktScandit AGBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lab Associate in LC-MS based ProteomicsF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:BaselLab Associate in LC-MS based ProteomicsThe Position In Roche’s Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organization (pRED  ), we make tra
nsformative medicines for patients in order to tackle some of the world’s toughest unmet healthcare needs. At pRED, we are united by our mission to tr
ansform science into medicines. Together, we create a culture defined by curiosity, responsibility and humility, where our talented people are empower
ed and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing innovation at speed.   360 Labs Initiative at a Glance The 360 Labs are a new capability 
that is currently being built up within the  Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organization (pRED  ). The primary mission of this effort i
s to provide greater access and support for the use of cutting-edge biomedical research technologies by scientists across our discovery portfolio. Ope
rating as an integrated ecosystem, the 360 Lab environment will deliver core scientific technologies, expertise and enabling activities, as well as fa
cilitate knowledge sharing and learning experiences in close collaboration with our therapeutic areas and functions. Together, these efforts will serv
e to increase the speed, enhance the robustness and improve the sustainability of our exploratory research and early discovery activities.   We are cu
rrently recruiting scientific professionals with varied backgrounds in Flow Cytometry, Genomics, Proteomics, Histopathology and Microscopy / Imaging. 
In these new roles, your collaborative mindset is as valued as your scientific expertise. The 360 Labs are by nature a hands-on, interactive workplace
 where face to face presence in our labs is a priority. Our ambition is to bring to life a thriving workplace environment, acting as an highly integra
ted ecosystem, supporting research and development, working collaboratively, and focused on fostering excellence and sustainability.   Job Mission and
 Impact The Proteomics Core Technology Platform in the 360 Labs Initiative is seeking to add to its team a full-time customer-centric, lab-based (at l
east 90% of the time) scientific professional, with a focus on mass-spectrometry-based proteomics technologies applied to drug discovery. You will hav
e an exceptional background in biochemistry, as well as an outstanding proficiency in applying LC-MS technologies to help generate scientific insights
 through the development and execution of investigative proteomics studies. You will work with a sense of urgency as a part of a matrix team, interact
ing with experts from each of our therapeutic disease areas and functions, and participate in the early implementation and growth of the Proteomics Co
re Technology Platform within the pRED organization.   Your Role and Responsibilities   Contribute to the design, and execution of, hands-on experimen
ts to develop, optimize and implement either standard or custom LC-MS based proteomics workflows (focused on sample preparation, nano LC-MS/MS measure
ment using high-end mass spectrometry instrumentation, and data QC and processing). Work closely with other team members and contribute to the optimiz
ation and data evaluation of newly implemented and / or developed proteomics workflows.   Ensure the delivery of high-quality proteomics data with a s
ense of urgency; contribute to the discussion of data analyses with data scientists and stakeholders; be responsible for the maintenance of lab equipm
ent and infrastructure, and ensure compliance with local requirements.     Embrace a continuous learning mindset by actively engaging with other Platf
orm members, and the scientific literature to stay abreast of technologies / approaches in the proteomics field.     Your Profile   You have a BS or M
S degree in Biochemistry, Chemistry or a related field, with extensive research experience in proteomics.   You are a skilled experimentalist with the
 aptitude to contribute to the design of complex studies, planning and executing wet-lab experiments independently, including biochemical sample prepa
ration for proteomics workflows (e.g., subcellular fractionation, immunoprecipitation). You also demonstrate high competency in sample analysis with n
ano LC-MS for various quantitative approaches (e.g., label-free, TMT, SILAC).   You have proficiency in the operation of (i) automated liquid handling
 systems (AssayMAP Bravo), (ii) liquid chromatography systems (capillary LC, Easy-nLC, Vanquish Neo), (iii) Orbitrap (Exploris, Tribrids, and/or Q Exa
ctives) and/or ion mobility (timsTOF, FAIMS) MS instruments, including acquisition methods such as data-independant, -dependant acquisition (DIA, DDA)
, and parallel reaction monitoring (PRM).   You are familiar with databases, software tools and data visualization approaches commonly used in the pro
cessing, storage and interpretation of proteomics data.     In addition to your scientific expertise and critical technical skills we are looking for 
candidates who are:   Curious with a growth mindset, resourceful and flexible in problem solving, have excellent organizational skills, and can think 
outside the box and have a demonstrated ability to implement new ideas in a fast-paced research environment;   Excellent communicators with a high flu
ency in English, a desire to continuously build a personal network and the ability to thrive in a dynamic, inclusive environment which gives you full 
accountability for your own contributions and development.     Your Location This position is based in Basel.   Our commitment Roche commits to recogn
izing talent and aptitude. We prioritize encouraging and supporting our employees on their personal journeys by providing a safe, creative space to he
lp them reflect, make decisions and grow in their career. We are confident that we find the most innovative solutions by gaining different perspective
s, asking and answering hard questions, and challenging the status quo.  Roche embraces diversity and equal opportunity  in a serious yet enthusiastic
 way; we are devoted to building a team that represents a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our wo
rk will be.   Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve
 become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Basel is the hea
dquarters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countries come toge
ther at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we o
ffer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benefit from multi
ple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in 
the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.   
 Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manager/Senior Manager)PwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 Ap
ril 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichTechnology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manage
r/Senior Manager)Technology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manager/Senior Manager)     Your Impact   You a
re a trusted advisor to clients and help them take on complex challenges in all areas of business – from strategy to operations – using modern data st
acks and services, as well as machine learning and AI techniques. You form multidisciplinary engagement teams with colleagues from different backgroun
ds to deliver tailored solutions at the intersection of business, technology, and industry knowledge. You collaborate with tax and legal professionals
 on digital transformation and innovation projects for tax and legal. You discover and shape business development opportunities informed by assessment
s of the current technology landscape and emerging trends and be a “data influencer”, driving continuous improvement and the adoption of the modern te
chnologies within PwC. You will get the chance to begin a tailor-made career! Thanks to various career-building initiatives and personal coaching, you
 will quickly develop with us and create real value for our clients. You will be involved in different projects including (but not limited to) Busines
s Intelligence, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Process Mining, or Natural Language Processing.     Y
our Skill Set   You have a Master's or PhD degree in Computer or Natural Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical field. You have 3+ y
ears of professional experience delivering and implementing data and AI solutions, ideally previous experience in a consulting environment or managing
 client/customer-facing relationships You have knowledge of common cloud stacks (Azure,AWS, Snowflake, etc.), multi/hybrid-cloud architectures, and as
sociated cloud services and technologies. Strong business acumen, i.e., the ability to come up with business development opportunities and creative so
lutions using data and technology. You have experience and in-depth expertise in at least one of the following domains: SAP ERP, IoT, legal technology
, tax technology, data quality & data management, NLP, IT/digital strategy development, automation. You are fluent in English, German is an asset.    
 About us  PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we hel
p organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services. KontaktPwCBewerbenJo
b merkenDiesen Job melden


Fundraising LeadETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichFundraising LeadFundraising 
Lead 60%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term We are seeking a Fundraising Lead to join our Operations Group, and support in the development and execution of stra
tegies to manage highly strategic partnerships and raise funding for our mission. Crowther Lab is a unique research group creating the scientific foun
dation for the protection and restoration of nature. The Operations Group is focused on building the bridge between science and action; helping to sha
pe our scientific strategy and improve societies efforts to protect biodiversity. In 2020 we founded Restor, an online platform to enable, expand and 
accelerate an ecologically responsible restoration movement facilitating over 200,000 project sites around the world. Crowther Lab is a scientific adv
isor to the World Economic Forum’s 1t.org, the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration and Restor. Project background The loss of global biodiversity remai
ns one of the most difficult challenges of our time. To help tackle this global challenge, our research aims to explore the fundamental forces shaping
 global biodiversity, and try to facilitate the millions of local communities, farmers and indigenous populations who are protecting nature across the
 planet. As such, our group includes a highly diverse range of scientific, technical and policy experts. But the scope and impact of this research is 
ultimately determined by the availability of funding available to support the collective efforts. To facilitate this work, we are seeking a highly-mot
ivated, and creative expert to build partnerships with funding organizations and develop sustainable funding strategies that support our work and its 
applications in the long-term. Job description Identify and Develop Sustainable Funding Strategies  Collaborate with diverse stakeholders to create fu
nding opportunities Innovate new funding models (across corporate, private, institutional funders, and philanthropic foundations) to deliver financial
 sustainability and growth Ensure ethical practices in fundraising activities to maintain trust  Develop Proposals and Organize Engagement Events  Dev
elop creative funding proposals to be pitched across a wide variety of stakeholders Organize and partner on engagement events to connect researchers, 
donors, and community members Ensure transparency and integrity in the research proposal process  Build & Maintain Partnerships with Organizations  Fo
rge strong relationships with funding organizations and strategic partners to secure funding Foster a supportive environment within partnerships for m
utual growth and success Ensure inclusivity and diversity in partnership development for broad impact Deliver reports to funding organisations regardi
ng the use of funds and impact generated  Engage Team Members & Key Collaborators to Support Fundraising Efforts  Empower team members and collaborato
rs to contribute effectively to fundraising efforts Create an inclusive environment where everyone feels valued and motivated to support fundraising g
oals  Your profile You have experience in fundraising and partnership building and are an independent, creative, and personable colleague. You can dev
elop and implement effective strategies to collaborate with external partners and advance the sustainable development of our research. You have a prov
en track record in both (i) writing grant proposals and (ii) developing events and programs to engage potential partners. You see this role as an oppo
rtunity to establish a new program that significantly contributes to global biodiversity research and to address pressing sustainability challenges of
 our time. Looking ahead, you will be motivated to build a team that enhances the longevity of our research efforts. We are seeking an individual who 
is proactive and adaptable, able to thrive in a dynamic work environment. Your role will entail continuous learning and the ability to swiftly adapt t
o new challenges. You are used to meet tight deadlines and formulate pitches and ideas promptly and effectively. While formal knowledge in earth or en
vironmental science isn't required, you'll be responsible for effectively communicating our scientific findings to a diverse audience, in collaboratio
n with our Head of Science and Policy Director. Your workplace Your workplace We offer  Training opportunities: researchers have access to cutting-edg
e tools and methodologies to address global ecological challenges Perspectives for career development: our group's focus on generating globally-releva
nt ecosystem information provides valuable expertise sought after in academia, industry, and conservation organizations Support programmes (e.g. mento
ring) and networks: we foster a supportive environment with mentoring programs and strong networks with partners Your (team) culture and team composit
ion: members from diverse backgrounds, including ecologists, data scientists, and communication specialists. Collaboration and knowledge exchange are 
encouraged Working environment and employment conditions: At ETH Zurich, people with different perspectives and in many varied roles study, do researc
h and work together. A good working atmosphere encourages outstanding performances. We therefore believe it is important to foster a team spirit, buil
d trust and create a stimulating environment ETH Zurich does not tolerate any discrimination towards its members of staff, be it on the grounds of gen
der or social, ethnic or religious background. By fostering a culture of mutual respect, we create an inclusive and inspiring environment where everyo
ne can develop their full potential and perform at their best  We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applica
tion with the following documents:  Current CV Cover Letter  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online applicat
ion portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We hope to conclude this job call before 5th June. Further information a
bout our group can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Emily Clark, email [E-Mail schreiben] (no applicati
ons). For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application 
with the following documents:  Current CV Cover Letter  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application p
ortal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We hope to conclude this job call before 5th June. Further information about 
our group can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Emily Clark, email [E-Mail schreiben] (no applications).
 For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


HID Algorithms Software Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:ZürichHID Algorithms Software Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)HID Algorithms Software Engineer Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Hardware Apple’s
 Human Interface Devices (HID) group is responsible for developing innovative ways to interact with Apple products. We work across product lines, deli
vering technologies like AirPods, iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other future Apple input technologies. The HID Algorithms team is an eclectic group with back
grounds in computer science, signal processing, machine learning, control theory, human factors, and more. We’re looking for a skilled software engine
er to help build the infrastructure and solution patterns for implementing our sensor data processing algorithms — the algorithms that underlie the in
teractive technologies our customers rely on everyday. In this role, you’ll design and build scalable, high-quality shared libraries for the future of
 Apple’s human interface devices! This is a key position at a focal point for HW/SW/UI integration. You will learn and work across multiple layers of 
the stack, from firmware to distributed data processing, and design innovative infrastructure for scalable, testable, production-quality algorithms. Y
ou will help our team build algorithm pipelines to translate sensor data into user intent, design new interactions, and validate their effectiveness f
or a large population. Key Qualifications  Minumum five years of experience in the industry. Strong C/C++ programming Solid experience in SW architect
ure design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) Knows what it takes to implement math routines efficiently in low-level C/C++, suc
h as signal/image processing algorithms or numerical solvers. You will be comfortable guiding colleagues to implement such routines while balancing sp
eed, memory consumption and readability Ability to communicate clearly and collaborate with cross-functional teams Excellent problem-solving and root-
cause analysis skills  Description The ideal engineer is comfortable working in a dynamic and creative team charged with crafting the way we will inte
ract with next-generation Apple products. You are self-motivated, an excellent problem solver, and a fast learner. You are quick to forge relationship
s and comfortable with change and ambiguity. You have strong technical leadership skills and enjoy collaborating with others toward the creation of co
mmercial-grade software. You will bring software expertise to a highly interdisciplinary team, working with engineers of many talents to tackle challe
nging problems. Education & Experience B.S. or M.S. in EE, CS, ME, mathematics, physics, or another engineering or technical field We would appreciate
 additional experience with: Exposure to AI/ML projects such as working with ML data engineering or algorithms teams Experience building scalable ML s
ystems spanning multiple teams or organizations Experience using large scale distributed cloud compute and data management systems Additional Requirem
ents  Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and adv
ancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discrimin
ate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. We will ensure that indivi
duals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform crucial job function
s, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation. KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps:
//www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Engineer (100% - Senior/Principal)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Machine Learning Engineer (100% - Senior/Principal)About Spiden    Your profile  Qualifications    Master's degree in Computer
 Science, a related technical field, or equivalent ML experience. 8+ years of experience in writing software working with at least one compiled and on
e interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C++ 6+ years of Machine Learning Experience in industry developing and deploying ML mo
dels in real-world applications. Proficiency in software development methodologies, version control systems (e.g., Git), and CI/CD pipelines is essent
ial. In-depth understanding of MLOps principles and best practices, including model versioning, continuous integration and deployment of machine learn
ing models, model monitoring, automated retraining, scalability and resource optimization. Experience with MLOps tools such as Kubeflow, MLflow. Famil
iarity with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) and infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g., Terraform) is beneficial. High attention 
to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. The followi
ng qualifications are a plus: Experience with distributed computing platforms (e.g., Spark) and cloud-based machine learning services (e.g., AWS SageM
aker, Google Cloud Vertex AI )  Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimization, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Compliance a
nd Governance: Understanding of compliance requirements and governance frameworks relevant to machine learning deployments, such as data privacy regul
ations (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA) and medical device industry-specific standards would be a plus     IMPORTANT: we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU 
/ EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfill this criteria will be automatically rejected.  We offer  Work/Life Balance Working at
 a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambitious, which is why our team puts a strong emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t abou
t how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer fl
exibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal life. Values and Mission are important at Spiden,
 as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we aspire to live that. We will have the chance to discuss value and mission during the in
terview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the company, we strive to build a diverse and exciting environment. Within the SMLE team we take 
special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 among the permanent employees- and equal opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our
 team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates 
knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spiden.  Amazing team! In this role, you will be part of the  Machine Learning Research & E
ngineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues from which you will have the opportunity to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy g
reat conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. Additionally, you will be working closely with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Scie
nce, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   Don't forget to check the  team page  on our website!   Your mission What could you bui
ld on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? That is what Spiden is all about, and we want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Mach
ine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If these areas resonate with you, join us to work on foundational technologic and scientif
ic challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with the vision to use state-of-the-art detection techniques to continuously monitor and learn
 from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chronic diseases, to customize critical treatments and, to improve your health.  Using propri
etary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomedical data generation pipeline to train medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to inf
er glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achieve our vision, our team and advisory board consist of world experts coming from top ac
ademic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard among others) and industry leaders (Baxter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented
, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professionals to join an A-team of doers: https://t.ly/vmCKi After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are s
printing towards product development phase to launch to market. Therefore, joining as one of the first 60 permanent employees provides you great oppor
tunities for growth in responsibilities and impact.  Responsibilities As a Sr. Machine Learning Engineer you will build ML Engineering infrastructure 
needed to deploy a portfolio of ML models and algorithms on our smartwatch and companion mobile Apps. To be effective in this role, you need to effect
ively interface with Science (ML Scientists, Data Scientists), Product Development (Electrical Engineering, Photonics, Manufacturing) and Product Mana
gement, to acquire and smartly embed multi-disciplinary knowledge into our ML Infrastructure.      You will be joining the Machine Learning Research &
 Engineering team, currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues. You will be working hand-in-hand with an A-team of 3 Software Engineering leaders, com
ing from the domains of Data, Cloud and App/Web development with a combined 40YOE in tech, plus an amazing and enthusiastic crew of junior engineers. 
 Our recruitment process The interview process consists of 3 stages: Introduction call (20 min - led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical I
nterview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)On-site interview (90 - 120 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requir
es meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pfäffikon) KontaktSpiden AG(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Senior Principal Lab TechnicianF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselSen
ior Principal Lab TechnicianRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with healthcare on a gl
obal scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthcare needs. Toget
her, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position In Roche’s Pharmaceuti
cal Research and Early Development organisation (pRED) , we make transformative medicines for patients in order to tackle some of the world’s toughest
 unmet healthcare needs. At pRED, we are united by our mission to transform science into medicines. Together, we create a culture defined by curiosity
, responsibility and humility, where our talented people are empowered and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing innovation at speed. 
  You will join Roche’s  Institute of Human Biology  (IHB) , an organisation within pRED whose goal is to harness and advance the use of human model s
ystems in drug discovery and development, as well as personalised medicine. Our interdisciplinary research bridges academic and pharmaceutical researc
h, connecting biologists, engineers, and data scientists.    The Opportunity  In the role of Senior Principal Lab Technician*, your contributions will
 be key to our success:   Spearhead the development and implementation of innovative laboratory techniques, ensuring the highest standards of quality 
and efficiency.   Collaborate closely with scientists to design and conduct experiments, providing critical data that informs the direction of researc
h projects.   Lead by example in the laboratory, maintaining meticulous records and championing best practices in lab safety and procedure.   Act as a
 mentor and technical advisor, sharing your expertise and promoting a culture of continuous learning and skill advancement.   Drive initiatives to opt
imize lab processes and technologies, staying abreast of the latest scientific advancements to keep our research at the forefront.      Who You Are  Y
ou are an ideal candidate if you have:   Extensive hands-on experience in a laboratory setting, with proficiency in a wide range of assays, methods, a
nd techniques.   A deep understanding of experimental design and the ability to independently troubleshoot and optimize protocols.   Demonstrable expe
rience in mentoring and knowledge transfer within a lab environment.   A strong sense of ownership and responsibility for your work, with a commitment
 to delivering results that exceed expectations.   The capacity to work collaboratively across teams and disciplines, building strong relationships an
d effectively communicating your findings.   A passion for staying connected to the science, actively engaging in the scientific community to foster a
 vibrant culture of innovation.      Please note that this is a temporary position.*    If you are proud of contributing and feel you have the dedicat
ion to partnership and innovation that we are seeking, then Roche is the organization for you! Every role at Roche plays a part in making a difference
 to patients’ lives. If you want to work in a committed team, make your mark & improve lives, apply now!    Our commitment  Roche commits to recognisi
ng talent and aptitude. We prioritize encouraging and supporting our employees in their personal journeys by providing a safe, creative space to help 
them reflect, make decisions and grow in their career. We are confident that we find the most innovative solutions by gaining different perspectives, 
asking and answering hard questions, and challenging the status quo. Roche embraces diversity and equal opportunity  in a serious yet enthusiastic way
; we are devoted to building a team that represents a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work w
ill be.   Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working together, we’ve bec
ome one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Basel is the headqua
rters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countries come together
 at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opportunities, we offer
 flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benefit from multiple 
services on site such as child-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   We believe in the 
power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves to Roche.       
    Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Engineer (Remote Europe)Ikerian AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernResearch Engin
eer (Remote Europe) Ikerian AG (formerly RetinAI Medical) is a fast-growing medical device software company headquartered in Bern, Switzerland. Our mi
ssion is to enable the right decisions sooner in healthcare, through transformative AI & data management solutions for disease screening and monitorin
g. Join our diverse team of entrepreneurs, developers, researchers, and commercial experts who are collectively shaping the future of healthcare. We a
re now looking for an enthusiastic, innovative and skilled Research Engineer to reinforce our team.   Role Overview:We are seeking a Research Engineer
 to join our team. This vital role in our research division contributes significantly to our mission of advancing precision medicine and healthcare in
novation. The position involves collaborating with machine learning scientists to develop, integrate, deploy, debug and document advanced ML models to
 validate research findings and demonstrate the feasibility of new technologies or concepts. Key Responsibilities:  Prototyping & Validation: Build an
d test prototypes or proof-of-concept models to confirm research findings and demonstrate the viability of new technologies. Integration & Deployment:
 Work with machine learning scientists to deploy advanced ML models into our software platform, enhancing its application in clinical and research set
tings. Software Solutions & Compliance: Develop and deploy software solutions and algorithms for medical imaging analysis, ensuring adherence to medic
al software standards, such as IEC 62304. Maintenance of existing software Problem-Solving: Identify technical challenges within research projects and
 develop solutions. Debugging & Stability: Address software issues to improve the stability and reliability of applications. Collaborative Expertise: 
Engage with teams across disciplines to understand project requirements and apply technical expertise to solve complex problems.   Master’s degree in 
Software Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field, with a solid foundation or experience in machine learning. Demonstrated experience in soft
ware development and deployment, especially in clinical environments.  Understanding of medical software development standards, particularly IEC 62304
. Experience in medical imaging; Ophthalmology is a plus. Proficiency in Python and familiarity with ML frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow. A b
lend of academic and industry experience, showcasing the application of theoretical knowledge in practical settings. Strong communication skills and t
he ability to work well in a multidisciplinary team. A proactive approach, fueled by a passion for AI and ML, with an interest in digital health, prec
ision medicine, and eye care. Experience in a startup or consulting environment is an advantage. Must be a resident of a European country and  be flue
nt in English   A chance to be part of an exceptional team driving innovation in healthcare. A competitive salary in a supportive work environment tha
t fosters work-life balance. Opportunities for professional growth and development in an international setting. A culture of collaboration and inclusi
on, which is fundamental to our ethos. Occasional travel to our HQ in Switzerland, immersing you in our core operations and company culture. Provision
 of hardware and software equipment to facilitate efficient and effective remote work.    We invite qualified candidates eager to make a difference in
 healthcare technology to apply. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Scientist - Deep Learning (100% - Senior/Principal)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Machine Learning Scientist - Deep Learning (100% - Senior/Principal)About Spiden    Your profile    Minimum Q
ualification   Master's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent ML experience. 8+ years of experience in writing software
 working with at least one compiled and one interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C++ 8+ years of Machine Learning Experience 
in academia or industry: developing physically-informed own ML algorithms and architectures, training models, hyperparameter tuning, feature engineeri
ng, etc  Experience with scientific analysis packages such as scikit-learn and pytorch High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple,
 competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment.  Preferred qualifications   PhD degree in Computer Science,
 Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience in the Machine Learning domain 8+ years of industry experience working with Real World Data challenge
s in a product that hit the market (e.g. voice assistants in production) Senior expertise using deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or TensorFlow
. Demonstrable capacity to digest scientific literature effectively, including cross-disciplinary domains. Exposure to MLOPs: ML data management (coll
ect, store, manage data), creating training datasets (data labeling, data augmentation, feature engineering, data partitioning, sampling and slicing),
 familiarity with architectural choices for ML systems. Working under a matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projec
ts. The following qualifications are a plus: Experience in the healthcare or pharma industry  Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimizati
on, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Demonstrable expertise exercising cross-functional leadership beyond functional team     IMPORTANT: 
we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU / EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfill this criteria will be automatically reje
cted.  We offer    Work/Life Balance Working at a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambitious, which is why our team puts a stro
ng emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to 
both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal li
fe. Values and Mission are important at Spiden, as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we aspire to live that. We will have the ch
ance to discuss value and mission during the interview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the company, we strive to build a diverse and exci
ting environment. Within the SMLE team we take special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 among the permanent employees- and equal
 opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and
 we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spiden.  Amazing team! In this role, you wil
l be part of the  Machine Learning Research & Engineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues from which you will have the opportunity 
to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy great conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. Additionally, you will be working closel
y with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Science, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   Don't forget to check the  team page  on
 our website!   Your mission   What could you build on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? That is what Spiden is all about, and we 
want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Machine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If these areas resonate with you, join us
 to work on foundational technologic and scientific challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with the vision to use state-of-the-art detec
tion techniques to continuously monitor and learn from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chronic diseases, to customize critical trea
tments and, to improve your health.  Using proprietary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomedical data generation pipeline to train
 medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to infer glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achieve our vision, our team and advisory 
board consist of world experts coming from top academic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard among others) and industry leaders (B
axter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professionals to join an A-team of doers: https:/
/t.ly/vmCKi  After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are sprinting towards product development phase to launch to market. Therefore, joining as one of the fir
st 60 permanent employees provides you great opportunities for growth in responsibilities and impact. Responsibilities As a Sr. Machine Learning Scien
tist (Deep Learning), you will research and collaboratively build computational solutions to real world problems in our domain: a continuous non-invas
ive glucose monitoring smartwatch. Your work involves being able to acquire and smartly combine deep multi-disciplinary knowledge (biophotonics, biome
dical, microfluidics, electronics and manufacturing). For this opening in particular,  we are looking for a Deep Learning expert with industry exposur
e to domain adaption and domain generalization challenges in low data regimes.   It also involves an exposure to engineering aspects of large-scale da
ta processing using an advanced ML technology stack. Our recruitment process   The interview process consists of 3 stages:Introduction call (20 min - 
led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical Interview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)On-site interview (90 - 1
20 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requires meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pfäffikon) KontaktSpiden AG
(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - Manager Business Technology (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:ZürichInvent - Manager Business Technology (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini In
vent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in nearly 40 studios and more than 60 offices around the world, it com
prisesa 10,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital
 services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. For our Enterprise Transformation team in Switzerland we are looking for
 a Manager in Business Technology located in our Zurich Office (m/f/d) As a Manager in Business Technology, you have a central position in supporting 
senior IT executives in the definition and the implementation of complex IT transformation programs. Your responsibilities will span a wide range of p
rojects, including crafting organization-wide cloud strategies, implementing agile methodologies at scale, defining IT strategy and overseeing substan
tial programs. Additionally, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring our clients stay at the forefront of innovation, assessing the potential of emer
ging technologies and their impacts on organizations. Your deep understanding of IT challenges will be key to help our clients make well-informed tech
nology decisions that align with their overall business goals, and even revolutionize their business models. This position presents a unique opportuni
ty to thrive in a challenging yet rewarding environment, contributing significantly to our clients' success and fostering your own professional growth
.  Be the change: as the innovation and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects arou
nd digital, future-proof topics that challenge and transform the status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborat
ive atmosphere within a large company where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - for our clients, society, and yourself. Growth and 
development: career pathways are transparently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding trainin
g program “the institute” or other tailored training programs within a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance th
rough a flexible office – / home ratio, the possibility to do a sabbatical and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular te
am and company events allow to connect in an informal and personal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our
 long-standing corporate culture is open minded and internationally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect. BewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscoveryErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:8005 ZurichConsultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscoveryAt EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global sca
le, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY be
come even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The Forensic Technology & eDi
scovery team is a group of technical specialists that leverages data and technology to investigate high-profile financial crime matters related to fra
ud, corruption, money-laundering, misconducts and support the enforcement of regulatory requirements. The nature of our work requires the collection, 
processing and management of large sets of communications, documents and records from a wide array of information systems. We combine deep investigati
on expertise with Forensic and eDiscovery technology to accelerate the fact-finding process.    The opportunity   The rapidly growing Forensic departm
ent is currently seeking the right candidates for an excellent career opportunity in the Forensic Technology and eDiscovery team.  You will be respons
ible for providing critical support to our teams of investigators, clients, legal counsels and regulators in fact-finding activities. Our methodology 
incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as natural language processing, machine learning, predictive coding, social network analysis and
 automation. You will receive training on our forensic technologies and the opportunity to contribute to innovation. You will have a unique, career ch
anging opportunity to play a key role in the growth and strategy of the team.     Your key responsibilities   Working in engagement teams, carrying ou
t both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data. Collaborating with clients, fraud investigators, int
ernal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations. Working in our dedicated Forensic T
echnology & eDiscovery lab and secure platform to help clients secure and uncover facts with the use of technology. Innovating and developing new solu
tions to answer current and future needs of our clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager on the operational level and acting as
 a role model and coach for more junior team members.     Skills and attributes for success  To qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelor
 or Master) in all fields related to Computer Science, Engineering and other technical majors Strong problem solving, analytical, technical, and inter
personal skills Consulting-oriented mindset, flexibility and “can-do” approach Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (German or
 French) is a plus).     Ideally, you’ll also have   Experience with Relativity, Nuix, and other state-of-the-art Forensic Technology & eDiscovery too
ls. Solid programming skills with Python, R, SQL or other main programming languages Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics     What
 we offer   Internationalmulti-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of 
trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent p
erformance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, wh
ilst working with EY, completely free*     * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.      If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria a
bove, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position (ID: 814785) online. For further information please contac
t our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.      EY | Buildin
g a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build tru
st in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients 
grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new an
swers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Rodent 3R Platform Specialist ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englisch (F
liessend)Arbeitsort:Zürich  Rodent 3R Platform Specialist  We are looking for an experienced scientist to co-manage the operational side of the rodent
 3R-Hub affiliated with our lab, and lead our efforts to implement reduce-refine-replace (3R) principles. In this position you will further develop an
d refine existing behavior testing setups, design and build equipment for new behavior setups, and conduct experiments to optimize the behavior tests.
 You will be able to solve engineering and data integration problems at the interface between behavior testing and in vivo brain recordings. You will 
be responsible for updating our state-of-the-art behavior analysis pipelines based on the latest developments in artificial intelligence and machine l
earning. You will train and guide collaborators during experimental design and data analysis. The position is currently limited to two years, but part
 of your job will be to strategically support our effort to develop it into a permanent position through careful alignment of our 3R-efforts with ETH 
strategies.  Project background  The mission of the ETH Zurich 3R Hub is to drive measurable and positive change in scientific animal research by prom
oting the principles of Replace, Reduce, and Refine. The 3R Hub aims to consolidate ongoing 3R research efforts across ETH Zurich. Through collaborati
ve research, education, and the exploration of alternative methods, we strive to minimize the impact on animals in experimental settings, whilst maxim
izing the information gained from each animal used in research. The hub has recently been launched, and the demand for collaborations is already very 
high. Thus, we are looking for someone to join the current head of the 3R Hub as a co-leader, to manage ongoing projects and develop and implement a v
ision for how to exapand and permanently integrate the hub within the ETH ecosystem.  Job description  In this position you will be responsible for th
e successful operation of our 3R-Hub and ensure that it meets the changing needs of a dynamic research environment. As part of this job, you will...  
maintain and further develop existing state-of-the-art behavior analysis, including physical maintenance of equipment and design of new upgrades conti
nuously implement the latest analyses algorithms/approaches for animal tracking and data analysis, as well as benchmarking the performance of the new 
approaches establish new behavioral tasks and behavior setups aligned with the research directions of the research group. This includes designing, dra
wing and physically building new equipment and testing its functionality using studies with proper experimental design train new employees who use the
 animal testing platform, to maintain the high standard of behavior analysis in the group. Specifically, you will ensure that group members can operat
e and maintain behavior equipment, properly conduct behavioral experiments, and collect and correctly analyze the behavioral data stay up-to-date with
 developments in 3R research, write grants and design experiments to further 3R initiatives lead group or collaborator meetings related to behavior te
sting, present new capabilities developed by the 3R-Hub contribute to the writing and reviewing of scientific papers related to rodent behavior testin
g identify and connect with collaboration partners in the greater Zurich neuroscience communiy (Neuroscience Center Zurich)   Your profile  The job pr
ofile requires:  A degree in neuroscience and/or engineering (or related field) and a proven track record of desiging and building behavior testing eq
uipment (hands-on, practical skills) A PhD in neuroscience with proven publication track record ideally a few years of postdoc or equivalent position 
with leadership experience >5 years experience and in-depth knowledge in rodent behavioral neuroscience research A publication track record that demon
strates successful development and implementation of behavior analysis approaches A proven track record in grant writing and securing indepenent fundi
ng Fluency in English Up-to-date knowledge of latest technological developments in the field of behavior testing Proficiency in programming languages 
(Python is a requirement) Experience working with machine learning approaches Excellent interpersonal skills in order to coordinate and balance the ne
eds and requirements of group members in a dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment Creative/adaptive problem solving skills   We offer   A 
caring, supportive and modern work environment based on trust and respect A uniquely stimulating scientific environment with a cutting-edge research l
ab embedded in the greater Zurich Neuroscience Center (ZNZ) Flexible working hours (incl. the option for home office) that are compatible with a healt
hy work/life balance Opportunities for furthering education and continued learning The possibility to take responsibilty in guiding projects and mento
ring students Meaningful work with a long-term vision to advance our understanding of brain function    Working, teaching and research at ETH Zurich  
 We value diversity In line with  our values  , ETH Zurich encourages an inclusive culture. We promote equality of opportunity, value diversity and nu
rture a working and learning environment in which the rights and dignity of all our staff and students are respected. Visit our  Equal Opportunities a
nd Diversity website   to find out how we ensure a fair and open environment that allows everyone to grow and flourish. Curious? So are we.  We look f
orward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A short statement (max. 250 words) 
summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we exclusively accept applications su
bmitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our lab can
 be found on our lab's  website   and the 3R-Hub's  homepage  . Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Oliver Sturman, Write an em
ail (no applications). For recruitment services the  GTC of ETH Zurich   apply.  About ETH Zürich ETH Zurich is one of the world’s leading universitie
s specialising in science and technology. We are renowned for our excellent education, cutting-edge fundamental research and direct transfer of new kn
owledge into society. Over 30,000 people from more than 120 countries find our university to be a place that promotes independent thinking and an envi
ronment that inspires excellence. Located in the heart of Europe, yet forging connections all over the world, we work together to develop solutions fo
r the global challenges of today and tomorrow.  KontaktETH Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich(9)33 Jobshttps://www.ethz.chBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


PhD position in the field of Quantum Machine Learning (Prof. A. Lucchi, Dr. Stefan Woerner and Dr. D Universität BaselBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen Blic
kVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Arbeitsort:Basel  The University of Basel (Prof. Aurelien Lucchi) and IBM Research Zurich (Dr. Stefan Woerner an
d Dr. David Sutter) are seeking applications for a PhD position in Quantum Machine Learning. This position offers an exciting opportunity to work on c
utting-edge research projects at the intersection of quantum computing and machine learning. Potential topics for the position include developing the 
next generation of quantum deep neural networks and developing new training algorithms with convergence guarantees.  About the University of Basel: Th
e University of Basel is a research university located in Switzerland. It is one of the oldest universities in Europe, with a long history of excellen
ce in natural sciences. The university has a strong focus on interdisciplinary research and collaboration, with a wide range of research groups and in
stitutes across different faculties. The position is offered in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science.  About IBM Research - Zurich: The 
IBM Research Laboratory in Zurich, Switzerland, is part of IBM's research division, which employs 3000 individuals at twelve research laboratories wor
ldwide. It is the largest industrial IT research organization in the world. Cutting-edge research and outstanding scientific achievements - most notab
ly two Nobel Prizes - are associated with the Zurich Laboratory. Ideal starting date: second half of 2024. Your position Your tasks include: Conduct r
esearch in the field of applied mathematics and computer science Write research papers, articles, and present results at leading international confere
nces. We publish in peer-reviewed machine learning conferences (ICML, NeurIPS, etc. ), in quantum conference avenues (QIP, TQC, IEEE QCE, etc.), and i
n quantum journals (Nature, PRL/PRX, Quantum, etc.). Interact with national and international teams of mathematicians and computer scientists Position
 available starting in the second half of 2024 (position may begin later based on agreement). The position will be primarily based at IBM Research in 
Zurich (with frequent visits to Basel). Your profile Applicants should hold a Master's degree in mathematics, theoretical physics, or computer science
 (or comparable). You should have several of the following skills: Quantum information theory (theoretical aspects, algorithms, etc) Machine learning 
Optimization Software engineering (coding in python, Qiskit, etc) Additional requirements include: outstanding academic record, very strong mathematic
s background, experience with research is not required but is a plus. Excellent communication skills and fluency in English (spoken and written) are r
equired. We also seek to increase the number of women and other groups in areas where they are underrepresented and therefore explicitly encourage suc
h groups to apply. We offer you   Close supervision of your Ph.D. research, working with and access to international collaborators A diverse range of 
tasks in a dynamic environment The possibility to travel to international conferences to meet with distinguished scientists Excellent salary, benefits
 and working conditions    Application / Contact  If interested, please send an application as described below to Write an email.Your application shou
ld be a **single pdf file** containing the following files: Curriculum vitae (including a list of publications if applicable) Scanned transcripts of b
achelor's and master's degree Contact information (no direct recommendation letters) for at least two references that can recommend you Your latest th
esis (and/or one of your publications if applicable) You are encouraged to send your application before May 17, 2024. However, there is no deadline fo
r applying, and the position will be open until a suitable candidate is found. If your application is short-listed, we will contact you within three w
eeks. Due to a large volume of applications, we cannot inform you if your application is not selected for an interview.  Universität Basel4000 Basel K
ontaktUniversität Basel(4)26 Jobshttps://www.unibas.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


MLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:ZürichMLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab - Jobs bei Apple (CH)MLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Machine L
earning and AI We live in a mobile world that enables us to stay connected with our loved ones despite being physically apart. At Apple, we develop re
volutionary technologies for products that will define how we will be communicating in the future. For this, we are looking for top talent that wants 
to do the best work of their lives in an environment of excellence, creativity, innovation and partnership. The Zurich Vision Lab is an R&D team worki
ng at the intersection of modern Machine Learning and Computer Graphics. Because we integrate tightly with the hardware platform and even influence it
s design, we are able to build products that are extremely fast, power efficient, and accurate. We are pursuing ground-breaking fundamental research t
o ship features that enrich the lives of our customers – such as Persona in Vision Pro, Portrait mode, FaceTime Eye Contact, ARKit, Memoji. We are loo
king for an exceptional MLOps Engineer with great software engineering skills to support the machine learning engineers’ work. You will be working in 
a diverse, fast moving team in Zurich, Switzerland, and interact with teams around the globe. Key Qualifications  Experience in Python software engine
ering Experience with DevOps techniques like CI/CD, containers, Infrastructure as Code, immutable infrastructure, GitOps and relevant tools Experience
 with development of web applications and scalable APIs (REST, GraphQL) using frameworks like Django, Flask, FastAPI. Frontend and TypeScript experien
ce is a plus Experience with databases and SQL. Experience with PostgreSQL is a plus Knowledge of Linux administration and automation. Experience in m
acOS is a plus Experience with distributed build systems or data processing pipelines is a plus Knowledge of Machine Learning or Computer Vision is a 
plus Excellent collaboration and teamwork skills The requirements listed above are not fixed rules. If you meet many of them or have other relevant ex
perience, we encourage you to apply. All candidate profiles are considered for their fit to the role.  Description You will be working on internal sof
tware and infrastructure that enables the machine learning team to work on next-generation projects and products. As a member of the infrastructure te
am your objectives will be the improvement and acceleration of all aspects of the machine learning workflows, from data processing pipelines, CI/CD in
tegrations, to the development of custom tools. You will work closely with the research and development team in a fast paced environment where you wil
l be asked to solve problems by providing innovative solutions while writing high quality and maintainable code. Your willingness to pick up novel tas
ks and tools and acquire novel skills will help you thrive. The results of the work of Zurich Vision Lab are used by millions of customers every day, 
running our algorithms on their devices. Therefore the focus in our MLOps work is on tooling and automation for running large scale data pipelines to 
generate the training data, train the models in cloud environments, thoroughly evaluate their quality, and providing CI for Python codebases. Educatio
n & Experience PhD, Masters or Bachelor in computer science, information systems, physics, mathematics or equivalent, or equivalent work experience. I
f this is you, we'd love to hear from you.KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Accounting ManagerSophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleAccounting Manager We
 believe that there is a smarter, more data-driven way to make decisions in healthcare. SOPHiA GENETICS (NASDAQ: SOPH) combines genomics, radiomics, c
linical, and other data modalities through our propriety SOPHiA DDM platform to help healthcare professionals and patients across the world in the fig
ht against cancer and rare and inherited diseases. To help us achieve our ambitious mission, we are now searching for an Accounting Manager to join ou
r team in Rolle.   The Accounting Manager supervises, monitors and evaluates all day-to-day accounting activities. In addition, they establish financi
al status by developing and implementing processes and procedures for collecting, analyzing, verifying and reporting financial information. They are a
lso responsible for managing the accounting team, helping audit and ledger preparation, and supporting managers across teams with financial procedures
.    Responsibilities:   Responsible for the overall accounting for General Ledger, Payroll, Inventory and Fixed Assets  Manage the monthly financial 
close process, including ensuring all costs incurred are properly recorded, reviewing journal entries, account balance reconciliations and report prep
aration   Ensure accurate and timely year end closing under IFRS and local GAAP   Coordinate and manage finance input on corporate and cross functiona
l project implementations   Collaborate with external accountants and auditors to ensure successful audit results and compliance   Assist with compila
tion of information for preparation of tax returns, VAT and other regulatory reporting   Participate in the ongoing development/establishment of accou
nting policies and procedures including the review and implementation of process and system changes.   Train, coach, mentor and develop employees, rev
iew their work on a regular basis.   Give regular feedback, conduct quarterly and year-end reviews, and set objectives   Ensure employees have the nec
essary resources to perform properly  Conduct regular 1:1 meeting with team members.  Establish and monitor employee goals and objectives  Create a wo
rkspace that encourages creativity and innovation to get the most out of the team  Quickly and effectively resolve team conflicts  Perform team capaci
ty planning and ensure adequate staffing of projects and high-quality service delivery through recruiting, onboarding, and training of new and existin
g team members.    Requirements   Advanced degree in accounting or finance or related field  More than 5 years' experience in accounting for a US Publ
ic Company Must have a good understanding of IFRS or other accounting standards Experience with ERP systems, knowledge of Dynamics 365 is a plus, prof
icient in Excel   CPA preferred 1-3 years of experience in audit (Big 4 firms) a must Mastery of the Microsoft 360 Suite  Self-starter and deadline dr
iven person, with high degree of independency   Critical thinker with ability to articulate issues as they arise and suggest possible solutions  Must 
be fluent in English   Benefits   You will be joining an organization with the patient at the heart of every decision and action, driven by purpose as
 we drive exponential growth to our new business unit.   A flexible, friendly and international working environment with a collaborative atmosphere An
 exciting company mission that brings together science and technology to directly impact the lives of patients with life threatening illness. A fast-g
rowing company with plenty of opportunity for personal growth and development A hard technical challenge to solve with exciting modern technology - cl
oud computing, Big Data, DevOps, machine learning BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


TraineePaul Scherrer Institut (PSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:VilligenTrainee Optimizati
on of a Single-Electron Accelerator The Paul Scherrer Institute PSI is the largest research institute for natural and engineering sciences within Swit
zerland. We perform cutting-edge research in the fields of future technologies, energy and climate, health innovation and fundamentals of nature. By p
erforming fundamental and applied research, we work on sustainable solutions for major challenges facing society, science and economy. PSI is committe
d to the training of future generations. Therefore, about one quarter of our staff are post-docs, post-graduates or apprentices. Altogether, PSI emplo
ys 2200 people.   For the Large Research Facilities Division we are looking for a we are looking for a    Your tasks  You will optimize a model of a s
uperconducting radio-frequency accelerator for single electrons, with the goal of achieving the best possible temporal and spatial coherence. To this 
aim, you will use a code that allows to track the electron through the accelerating cavity and calculate the beam parameters. Since this tracking is t
ime-consuming, you will use surrogate modeling and optimization algorithms. You will work with a diverse team of scientists, engineers and technicians
 in the electron beam instrumentation group.  Your profile    You are a student of physics, engineering, or computer science, and you are at least in 
your penultimate year of undergraduate study (minimum 4 semesters)  You have strong programming skills in MATLAB, Python, or a similar high-level lang
uage  Ideally, you are familiar with computational frameworks and libraries relevant to optimization and machine learning  You have excellent analytic
al and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail  You have not yet completed your Master’s thesis    We offer  Our institution is bas
ed on an interdisciplinary, innovative and dynamic collaboration.   The contract will be limited to 3 months.  For further information, please contact
 Dr Rasmus Ischebeck, phone +41 56 310 55 35 or email E-Mail schreiben   Please submit your application online for the position as a Trainee (index no
. 8123-T1).  Paul Scherrer Institut, Human Resources Management, Ladina Goerre, 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland      www.psi.ch  KontaktPaul Scherrer I
nstitut (PSI)(4)32 Jobshttps://www.psi.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position: Development of an in vitro platform to investigate glioma – neuron interactionsETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 März 2024Pe
nsum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselPhD position: Development of an in vitro platform to investigate glioma – neuron interactionsPhD positi
on: Development of an in vitro platform to investigate glioma – neuron interactions 100%, Basel, fixed-term We are seeking a highly motivated, proacti
ve and enthusiastic student for a PhD project in the Bio Engineering Laboratory who will want to work in an international environment.in the Departmen
t of Biosystems Science and Engineering of ETH Zurich in Basel, Switzerland. Project background Within a project supported by the Swiss Cancer Researc
h foundation, the student will investigate the intricate bidirectional interactions between glioma and neuronal cells. Job description The student wil
l develop physiologically relevant cell culture models to recapitulate the glioma microenvironment in vitro. The functional characterization of neuron
s will be carried out using a diverse set of experimental techniques developed in our laboratory, ranging from large scale electrophysiological record
ings using high-density microelectrode arrays (HD-MEAs) through patch clamping to high-resolution functional microscopy. The resulting large datasets 
will yield a comprehensive understanding of how glioma cells interact with neuronal networks and, reciprocally, how neuronal activity influences gliom
a progression. Cell-culture and biological facilities, high-resolution microscopes, and a broad spectrum of engineering and testing equipment are avai
lable in the group. Your profile The successful candidate should have a background in biology or biomedical engineering. Prior exposure to working wit
h neuronal networks, iPSC differentiation and cancer biology as well as knowledge of programming tools and data analysis methods are important assets.
 Being successful in the interdisciplinary field of neural networks and cancer research requires good communication skills and a proactive work attitu
de. The candidate must be able to fluently communicate in English (oral and written) and be willing to work in a highly interactive and collaborative 
international environment. Academic excellence, a professional work attitude, and a self-driven nature are expected. The position is fully funded for 
4 years; the starting date is flexible but must be before September 2024. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly emplo
yer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits.
 We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application by May 15th 2024. A complete application package includes
  a short and specific motivation statement for the advertised position (1/2 page) complete academic transcripts an up-to-date CV recommendation lette
rs and contact information for 2-3 potential referees.  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application p
ortal. Applications submitted via e-mail or postal services or incomplete application packages will not be considered. Further information about the B
io Engineering Laboratory can be found on our website. For more information on the position, please contact -exclusively via e-mail - Dr. Mario Modena
 (E-Mail schreiben). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application by May 15th 2024. A complete applicatio
n package includes  a short and specific motivation statement for the advertised position (1/2 page) complete academic transcripts an up-to-date CV re
commendation letters and contact information for 2-3 potential referees.  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our on
line application portal. Applications submitted via e-mail or postal services or incomplete application packages will not be considered. Further infor
mation about the Bio Engineering Laboratory can be found on our website. For more information on the position, please contact -exclusively via e-mail 
- Dr. Mario Modena (E-Mail schreiben).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Scientistlastminute.com groupBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Chiasso
Senior Machine Learning ScientistSenior Machine Learning Scientist  Full-time Department: Data & Analytics  Company Description lastminute.com is the 
European Travel Tech leader in Dynamic Holiday Packages. It operates a portfolio of well-known brands such as lastminute.com, Volagratis, Rumbo, weg.d
e, Bravofly, Jetcost and Hotelscan. Our mission is to lead the travel industry by leveraging technology to simplify, personalise, and enhance our cust
omers’ travel experience. Experts in brightening up online travel, we help our customers find and do "whatever makes them pink". We continuously inves
t in talented people who ensure our offering is closer to the needs of the customers and keep us at the cutting edge of technology evolution. We run o
ur business in 17 languages and 40 countries, with more than 1,500 employees spread across our offices worldwide, developing our own products and serv
ices to power the entire traveller journey for millions of people. At the heart of our culture is a commitment to inclusion across race, gender, age, 
sexual orientation, religion, gender identity or expression and accessibility. We strongly believe in an equal opportunity space, which is welcoming a
nd celebrates the uniqueness of everyone who works here. We value different lived experiences and respect viewpoints, as we know unicity drives innova
tion. We want to make sure our people reflect the communities across the world we help travel. lastminute.com N.V. is a publicly-traded company listed
 under the ticker symbol LMN on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Job Description We are looking for a motivated Senior Machine Learning Scientist to work with 
challenging real-world problems on big data. The selected candidate will be part of a team of ten machine learning/data scientists and three machine l
earning engineers. This position is based in our office in Chiasso (Switzerland). Key responsibilities will include:  Develop pseudo-realtime machine 
learning solutions to deal with challenging real-world problems on big data Develop ranking and recommendation algorithms to improve our customers’ ex
perience Collaborate in a cross-functional team, including machine learning scientists, software engineers, machine learning engineers, and project ma
nagers  Qualifications Essential A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Physics. At least 5 years of experience in the field Excellent knowledge
 of Supervised methods (Classification, Regression) and Unsupervised methods (Clustering, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction) Experience in R
einforcement Learning (Multi-Armed Bandit, Markov Decision Process, and Q-learning) Excellent knowledge of Python and SQL Knowledge of the most import
ant Python libraries for Machine Learning and Data Analysis (scikit-learn, Pandas, matplotlib, Numpy, Scipy, MLflow) Experience with distributed versi
on control systems: mostly Git (Github and/or Bitbucket). Experience with Deep Learning (Recurrent Neural Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks, Tra
nsformer, and Autoencoders) Experience with Keras (and TensorFlow) or PyTorch Desirable  Able to find creative solutions to interesting problems Curio
us with a constant desire to learn and collaborate Knowledge of Spark is a plus  Additional Information What we offer By joining our company, you will
 have the chance to:  Join a dynamic team in an inclusive-international environment Grow thanks to the career journey and our internal mobility perspe
ctive Manage your own schedule thanks to the flexible start and end of the working day Work a shorter working week (36h), of which 4 hours on Friday m
orning Get focus time for learning, development, and deep work on Friday mornings Work partially remotely according to local laws Enjoy continuous tra
ining thanks to our company platform Benefit from employee discounts on travel Receive 2 days off per year for the purpose of volunteering Receive a v
oucher after some years in the company Get free snacks/fruit / hot drinks/water/beverages at our offices Participate in amazing winter and summer corp
orate events Benefit from extended parental or marriage leave according to local laws Welfare platform (Corporate Benefits) where you will find dedica
ted discounts with more than 1500 partners BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in Machine Learning SeismologyETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD
 Position in Machine Learning SeismologyPhD Position in Machine Learning Seismology 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Swiss Seismological Service (SED) at 
the Department of Earth Sciences at ETH Zürich invites applications for a fully funded 4-year PhD position in Machine Learning Seismology and Induced 
Earthquakes. The preferred starting date for this position is June - September 2024. This PhD position is supported by a Swiss National Science Founda
tion (SNSF) funded project EFFSIMMSI, led by Dr. Peidong Shi and collaborators at ETH Zurich and INGV. Project background Within the framework of the 
SNSF-funded project “EFFSIMMSI: Advancing Induced Earthquake Forecasting and Fracturing Dynamics via Innovative Scale-Invariant Seismic Monitoring and
 Multi-Sensor Integration”, we aim to further develop novel seismic monitoring and analysis methods utilizing machine learning techniques to increase 
our understanding of induced earthquakes. This project addresses the central theme of investigating rupture dynamics of induced earthquakes and advanc
ing our capacity to forecast them more reliably. We will employ the developed methodologies to analyze data collected from various scales and geologic
al conditions, including laboratory rock physics experiments, underground fluid injection experiments, and enhanced geothermal systems worldwide. Job 
description The PhD student will focus on constructing and training advanced machine learning models tailored to characterize induced earthquakes reco
rded by various instruments, including distributed acoustic sensing, acoustic emission sensors, and geophones. With these efforts, the PhD candidate w
ill improve the current state-of-the-art of real-time seismic monitoring and induced earthquake forecasting by implementing advanced machine-learning 
techniques and integrating physical understandings of rupture dynamics. The PhD candidate will apply the developed methodologies and models to various
 geological test sites to extract high-resolution earthquake catalogs, analyze rock rupture mechanisms, and benchmark different induced earthquake for
ecasting models. Your profile We are seeking a highly motivated candidate with a strong interest in machine learning, seismic monitoring and earthquak
e seismology. The ideal candidate should:  A Master’s degree in Earth Sciences / Physics / Mathematics / Computer Sciences or a related discipline is 
required. Applicants must have obtained their Master's degree by September 2024 A strong foundation in analyzing large datasets and machine learning i
s highly desirable for this position Proficiency in modern scientific programming languages (e.g., advanced Python, C, CUDA etc) and parallel computin
g would be advantageous Strong background and experience in computational methods and earthquake monitoring would be an asset The PhD student will be 
required to work as part of an international team. We presuppose abilities in coherent scientific teamwork, excellent communication skills (spoken and
 written English) and the capability of a good work organization as far as precise way of working  Your workplace Your workplace We offer The work wil
l be conducted at SED under the supervision of Dr. Peidong Shi and Prof. Stefan Wiemer. The student will also benefit from interdisciplinary and inter
institutional collaboration with international experts in machine learning, seismic monitoring/imaging, statistical seismology, and geomechanical mode
lling. Project team members include Dr. Federica Lanza (ETH Zürich), Dr. Luigi Passarelli (INGV), and Dr. Antonio Pio Rinaldi (ETH Zürich). In specifi
c, we will provide:  An exciting working environment Perspectives for career development Opportunities to learn cutting edge techniques A diverse and 
interdisciplinary team  ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to an exciting working enviro
nment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applicat
ion by June 15th, 2024, with the following documents:  Motivation Letter (no more than 2 pages) describe your research achievements and research inter
ests demonstrate your interest and suitability for the offered position Full CV Undergraduate and graduate transcripts Contact details of two referees
  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal (do not send any applications by e-mail). The re
view process is scheduled to commence on May 24th, 2024, and will continue until the position has been filled. Applications received before May 24th w
ill be given full consideration. Therefore, we encourage applicants to submit their applications as early as possible. Applications via email or posta
l services will not be considered. Further information about the Swiss Seismological Service can be found on our website . Questions regarding the pos
ition should be directed to Dr. Peidong Shi, email: E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiv
ing your online application by June 15th, 2024, with the following documents:  Motivation Letter (no more than 2 pages) describe your research achieve
ments and research interests demonstrate your interest and suitability for the offered position Full CV Undergraduate and graduate transcripts Contact
 details of two referees  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal (do not send any applica
tions by e-mail). The review process is scheduled to commence on May 24th, 2024, and will continue until the position has been filled. Applications re
ceived before May 24th will be given full consideration. Therefore, we encourage applicants to submit their applications as early as possible. Applica
tions via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about the Swiss Seismological Service can be found on our website . Que
stions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Peidong Shi, email: E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.
eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master’s thesis, Semester project or Internship AI Automation The IBM
 Research Laboratory is located just 40 minutes away from ETH Zurich. This creates a fantastic opportunity for highly motivated ETH Student to join ou
r unique research-corporate environment for a Master Thesis or a Semester Project. The AI Automation team is looking for students that are interested 
to work in topics such as:  Development of large computer vision Foundation Models for visual inspection Visual Prompt tuning and assisted annotation 
Generative AI for data augmentation using diffusion methods Adaptivity of instance segmentation models to different domains (e.g., different backgroun
ds, objects to detect, defect types) and environments (e.g., changing weather, time in the day). Improvement to state-of-the-art deep learning methods
, ranging from supervised methods, self-supervised approaches, as well as fully unsupervised methods. Implementation of multi-stage computer vision pi
pelines into a managed service, accounting for execution performance, robustness (e.g., accounting for corner cases), etc. Automated measurement, poin
t-cloud, 2D/3D navigation, as well as other topics!  A unique aspect of our projects is the opportunity to work on client data that are not available 
to the public and represent a big challenge even for the most successful state-of-the-art methods. As part of our team, you will collaborate with expe
rienced Research Scientists and AI Software Engineers that will lead and help you to successfully complete the challenges of the proposed task. You wi
ll also have access to HPC and Cloud infrastructure equipped with recent variants of GPUs and many other resources and tools to perform the work. The 
technology created in our team is powering IBM mainstream products, such as Maximo Visual Inspection and soon WatsonX. We have successfully inspected 
the 3rd longest suspension bridge in the world - the Storebaelt. By automating and improving inspection of civil infrastructure, we make such infrastr
uctures safer and at the same time we extend their lifetime expectation, thus reducing CO2 emissions caused by the use of concrete for major repairs, 
decommission of old structures, and construction of new ones. Minimum qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer vision or a rela
ted technical field, including equivalent practical experience Experience in software development with Python Proficient working in Unix/Linux environ
ments Team player, self-motivated with a passion for technology and innovation  Preferred qualifications  Experience in one or more of the following: 
REST APIs, machine learning, deep learning, algorithms and data structures, test automation, distributed computing, CI/CD Practical experience with Ma
chine Learning / Deep Learning frameworks such as PyTorch; 3+ years of proved programming experience in Python (or equivalent C/C++ experience); Indep
endent worker with the ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment  Diversity IBM is committ
ed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders
 to strike the desired balance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this exciting po
sition, please submit your most recent curriculum vitae. We encourage candidates to also share a 3-minute video, in which they introduce themselves, a
s well as highlight their motivation and expertise. The video is not mandatory.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's thesis Document AI and Knowledge Extraction About us The IBM
 Research Laboratory is located in Ruschlikon close to Zurich. This creates a fantastic opportunity for highly motivated Student to join our unique re
search-corporate environment for a Master Thesis, Semester Project or Internship. Our team works on AI models to ingest large corpora of (PDF) documen
ts in order to extract knowledge or use large language models to interact with (via RAG). For a detailed description, please visit our homepage or loo
k into our recent publications. We are actively looking for students that are interested to work in topics such as:  Computer Vision to build foundati
onal models for Document Understanding (eg layout-analysis, table understanding, figure-understanding). Natural Language Processing to enhance further
 our chat capabilities on and with documents. Natural Language Processing for knowledge extraction from text, tables and figures. Generative AI to cre
ate/update new documents  As an intern in our group, you will be working on a large scale platform that has ingested >500M documents and you will have
 the ability to apply the new model developments at scale. Furthermore, you will collaborate with experienced Research Scientists and AI Software Engi
neers that will lead and help you to successfully complete the challenges of the proposed task and have access to HPC and Cloud infrastructure equippe
d with recent variants of GPUs and many other resources and tools to perform the work. Minimum Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, 
computer vision or a related technical field, including equivalent practical experience Experience in software development with Python Proficient work
ing in Unix/Linux environments Team player, self-motivated with a passion for technology and innovation Experience in one or more of the following: RE
ST APIs, machine learning, deep learning, algorithms and data structures, test automation, distributed computing, CI/CD Practical experience with Mach
ine Learning / Deep Learning frameworks such as PyTorch 3+ years of proved programming experience in Python (or equivalent C/C++ experience) Independe
nt worker with the ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment  Preferred Qualifications Div
ersity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangemen
ts enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are intereste
d to apply for this position, please submit your application through the link below.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for ArchitectureETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for ArchitecturePostdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circul
ar Engineering for Architecture 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) is seeking a highly motivated and qu
alified postdoctoral candidate in the field of digital technologies for circular economy in the construction sector. The successful candidate will joi
n a dynamic research team working on innovative approaches to enhance circular construction practices. This position offers a unique opportunity to co
ntribute to the development of tools and strategies that promote circular management of building components and projects, enabling a more sustainable 
and regenerative built environment. Project background The postdoctoral position is focused on leveraging digitalization for circular strategies in co
nstruction. The selected candidate will be involved in developing and testing tools related to topics such as reality capture, quality assessment, 3D 
modelling, computer vision and computational design in the built environment, operating at the intersection of construction informatics, engineering, 
and logistical aspects. Job description  Development of theoretical concepts for tools leveraging digital technologies for circular construction, faci
litating circular processes along the value chain (identification and categorization of reusable materials, design with reused elements, etc.) in the 
construction sector Exploration of implementation possibilities for automated workflows and digital technologies in new and existing construction proj
ects Use immersive technologies to enhance construction processes and training Active participation in research activities, including publishing scien
tific papers and presenting findings at conferences and workshops Supervision of Master, and/or Bachelor students, as well as teaching  Your profile  
PhD in architecture, civil engineering with strong IT skills, or computer science with knowledge of the built environment, or related fields Strong re
search skills with an understanding of circular economy practices in the construction industry Proven track record of research in construction or rela
ted fields Knowledge and experience in data analysis and database management, as well as emerging technologies applied to the construction sector, suc
h as BIM, scanning, machine learning, generative AI, computer vision Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and pr
ioritize effectively, while also fostering interdisciplinary collaboration Strong communication and writing skills in English, enabling effective coll
aboration and the preparation of scientific publications and reports Fluency in spoken and written English is a requirement. Ability to work with indu
stry partners in German is a plus Ability to work in a team and together with industry partners Take initiative, be results-oriented, organized, and c
reative  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Joining our research team offers a stimulating and collaborative environment, with a competitive salar
y and opportunities for professional growth and interaction with international experts in the field of circular construction and computer science. The
 position is full-time (100%) and is offered on a fixed-term basis. The initial contract duration is 1 year, with a possibility of extension based on 
funding availability and performance evaluation. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Applications are only accepted through the online portal and s
hould contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name) by 31.05.2024. Only PDF format will be a
ccepted. Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be consid
ered:  1 page motivation letter (max 1 page) (LastName_Cover.pdf) 1 page CV (LastName_CV.pdf) 1 page research statement (excluding bibliography) (Last
Name_Research.pdf) A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video (please upload a PDF with the link written in full) (LastName_Video.pdf) Name, phone nu
mber, and email address of three referees (LastName_Referees.pdf)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online ap
plication portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schrei
ben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Manageme
nt (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mai
l schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Applications are only accepted through the online portal
 and should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name) by 31.05.2024. Only PDF format wil
l be accepted. Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be 
considered:  1 page motivation letter (max 1 page) (LastName_Cover.pdf) 1 page CV (LastName_CV.pdf) 1 page research statement (excluding bibliography)
 (LastName_Research.pdf) A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video (please upload a PDF with the link written in full) (LastName_Video.pdf) Name, ph
one number, and email address of three referees (LastName_Referees.pdf)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our onl
ine application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail 
schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Ma
nagement (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to
 E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer in IndustrieinformatikBIKO Engineering AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Ly
ssachSoftware Engineer in IndustrieinformatikWir sind ein traditionelles Familienunternehmen, das sich in 30 Jahren zum weltweiten Innovationsleader v
on Wäschereimaschinen und zum Schweizer Marktleader von Transportgeräten entwickelt hat. Unser hoher Qualitätsanspruch wird von unseren langjährigen P
artnern im In- und Ausland geschätzt. An unserem Standort in Lyssach entwickeln und bauen wir zudem hoch moderne Automationsanlagen auf der Basis eine
s so genannten Vision-Systems mit künstliche Intelligenz (Deep Learning Software). Infolge unserer äusserst erfreulichen Auftragslage streben wir den 
nächsten Wachstumsschritt an. Zur Verstärkung unseres aktuellen Teams suchen wir nach Vereinbarung eine(n). Software Engineer in Industrieinformatik I
hre Aufgaben:   Mithilfe bei der Steuerungsauslegung, Bestellung- und Bereitstellung der Hardwarekomponenten   Maschinensoftware entwickeln mit strukt
uriertem Text, Basic und Kontaktplan   Fachliche Unterstützung bei der Inbetriebnahme der Maschinen   Steuerungsdokumentationen erstellen   Fernwartun
g der Anlagen sowie Unterstützung von Kunden und Servicetechnikern   Softwareweiterentwicklungen, Anpassungen und Einstellungen von Maschinen bei Kund
en  Ihr Profil:   Abgeschlossene Ausbildung als Informatiker BSc FH   Freude an der objektorientierten Programmierung   Deutsche Muttersprache, gute E
nglischkenntnisse   Begeisterung für das technische Umfeld   Teamfähige, lernbereite, dynamische und pflichtbewusste Persönlichkeit  Wir bieten Ihnen:
   Gute Einführung in das Tätigkeitsgebiet   Selbständige und eigenverantwortliche Arbeitsausführung   Ein familiäres Arbeitsumfeld   Renommiertes Ind
ustrieunternehmen der Region   Mitgestaltung von der Idee bis zur Inbetriebnahme   Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten in die Bereiche Maschinenbau/Automation u
nd Nutzung, Anwendung von künstlicher Intelligenz  Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Bei Fragen gibt Ihnen Herr Martin Heer gerne detailliertere Inform
ationen. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Foto. BIKO Engineering AGHerr Martin HeerMoserstrasse 153421 LyssachTel.:034 4
48 43 51E-Mail: E-Mail schreibenWeitere interessante Stellenausschreibungen finden Sie unter www.biko.ch. BIKO Engineering AG Moserstrasse 15 CH-3421 
Lyssach +41 34 448 43 43 www.biko.ch E-Mail schreiben  CHE-106.648.335 MWST1/1KontaktBIKO Engineering AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positions on Climate Change Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100%EAWAG Dübendorf, Eidg. Anstalt für Wasser-, Abwasserreinigung & Ge
wässerschutzBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Dübendorf4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positi
ons on Climate Change Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100%Eawag, the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology, is an internationally networke
d aquatic research institute within the ETH Domain (Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology).  4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positions on Climate Change 
Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100% We are recruiting for     Water is at the center of the climate crisis. Climate change leads to strong and rapid changes 
in the aquatic system, negatively affecting our environment, infrastructure, and health. Sustainable strategies for adapting to the deleterious impact
s of climate change are currently lacking. These impacts interact with one another, underscoring the need to address them collectively. Moreover, a gl
obal perspective on climate change adaptation is essential for realizing benefits at scale.  With this cluster hire, we significantly enhance our capa
city for research and impact on adaptation to climate change in aquatic systems. We welcome applications relevant to three identified priority topics.
 We also encourage applications from researchers whose work is relevant for climate change adaptation in aquatic systems but falls outside of these th
ree topics. We see opportunities for researchers from different disciplines spanning from natural to engineering and social sciences.    Topic 1: Biod
iversity    You are a researcher who works on biodiversity in the context of climate change adaptation. Aquatic systems, renowned for their rich biodi
versity, are vulnerable to the effects of climate change. They are experiencing rapid changes due to rising temperatures, shifting precipitation patte
rns, and – at higher altitudes – melting glaciers. At the same time, climate change can lead to changes in water quality, exposing organisms to combin
ations of chemical or microbial pollution and physical stressors that contribute to biodiversity decline. Given its unique geographical and environmen
tal characteristics, Switzerland offers opportunities for addressing challenges posed by climate change and biodiversity loss in mountainous regions, 
rivers and lakes.      Apply      Topic 2: Public health    You are a researcher working at the interface of climate change adaptation, water resource
s, and human health. Climate change significantly affects our water resources, which are central to human health. One important example is regions of 
the Global South where vulnerable populations are disproportionately impacted and often face heightened risks of chemically polluted water, malnutriti
on, and waterborne diseases. Extreme weather events exacerbate health disparities, requiring climate-resilient solutions for safe drinking water, sani
tation and hygiene, and engineering solutions for resilient infrastructure. The development of effective strategies to mitigate and adapt to climate c
hange, including engaging in international cooperation and support, are crucial for empowering communities and strengthening public health systems glo
bally.     Apply       Topic 3: Water resources and reuse    You are a researcher who works towards developing and improving circular economy approach
es in the water sector in urban and non-urban settings. Sustainable water resource management, the prevention of chemical and microbial pollution, and
 environmental restoration are key strategies for ensuring good water quality and sufficient water quantity, and working towards adaptation to climate
 change. This includes both technical and nature-based solutions for surface and groundwater. Reusing water and reclaiming other resources associated 
with the water cycle are needed to advance circular economy concepts. This is valid for urban, non-urban and agricultural areas, which all play a vita
l role in sustainable development and resource management.      Apply       Topic 4: Other aspects of climate change adaption in aquatic systems   We 
also encourage you to apply if your research focus falls outside the specified profiles but is relevant for climate change adaptation in aquatic syste
ms.      Apply    Across all profiles, we are interested in research efforts incorporating inter- and transdisciplinary approaches including those tha
t benefit from, or synergize with, the diverse and impactful ongoing research of the institute. In addition, we are interested in the application of e
merging technologies and methods such as machine learning.      You bring the following qualifications and motivations:   You have a PhD degree and a 
track record in high quality research in a field related to the profile; we welcome degrees from natural, social, as well as engineering sciences. You
 are interested in collaborating with interdisciplinary research teams at the institutional level and within the ETH Domain, as well as with other nat
ional and international partners. You are keen on engaging with policymakers and stakeholders to connect your research with real-world impact.   This 
position will allow you to establish a group with high international visibility and to collaborate with others to advance your research agenda and cre
ate impact. By taking advantage of Eawag’s strong interdisciplinary environment and its world-class infrastructure and facilities, you will acquire th
ird party funding, build up a research group with PhD students and postdocs and contribute to Eawag’s mandate in educational outreach and expert consu
lting.  We offer an exciting and stimulating research environment with excellent opportunities for collaborative research. We are a team of about 500 
scientists and support professionals from over 40 nationalities who collaborate on pressing topics in aquatic science and technology. Eawag is based a
t two sites in Switzerland, in Dübendorf (15 minutes from Zurich) and Kastanienbaum (20 minutes from Lucerne).   With this cluster hire, we aim to fur
ther enhance diversity across all relevant dimensions within our institute. We promote cultural and gender equality and are committed to fostering div
ersity, equity and inclusion (DEI) among students, staff, and faculty (see our statement on equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion). Accordingly
, we actively encourage applications from individuals belonging to currently underrepresented groups, as well as from all qualified candidates with th
e skills and knowledge to productively support and engage with equitable, diverse and inclusive communities. Candidates from one or more underrepresen
ted groups who wish to self-identify in the application letter are encouraged to do so. The compatibility of career and other life domains is also of 
central importance to us. For more information about Eawag and our working conditions, please consult www.eawag.ch and www.eawag.ch/en/aboutus/working
/employment.  Applications must be submitted by 31 May 2024. Please include the following:   A brief application letter describing your interests and 
their relevance to this position.  A statement outlining your vision for research and impact (max. 2 pages).  A CV (without photo) including funding h
istory (if any), a list of previous teaching and mentoring experience, and a list of publications highlighting up to three of the most important publi
cations.  The recruitment process consists of two rounds. In the first round we will evaluate the documents listed above and invite a subset of applic
ants for a short videoconference meeting. Following these videoconference meetings, we will select a shortlist of candidates for the second round. Can
didates invited to the second round will be requested to provide additional statements on education, leadership, and DEI, along with the contact infor
mation of three references. These candidates will be invited in small groups to visit Eawag in person. Following these visits, we will extend offers f
or group leader positions.   Please use the link below the topic (“biodiversity”, “public health”, “water resources and reuse” or “other”) that you co
nsider the best fit for your application.    For further information, please contact E-Mail schreiben.    Eawag: Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Sc
ience and Technology BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Operations Strategy and Results Delivery InternPhilip Morris Services India SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:LausanneOperations Strategy and Results Delivery InternDetails Contract Full-Time Location Lausanne, Switzerland Department Operati
ons Openings 1 Job ID 57768099 Be a part of a revolutionary change Times are changing at PMI. We’ve chosen to do something big. The world expects us t
o act responsibly. And we are doing just that by transforming our business and building our future on one clear purpose – to deliver a smoke-free futu
re. This transformation will revolutionise every area of our business. The products we sell. Where we sell them. How they’re manufactured and delivere
d. The way we talk to our customers and engage with society. It’s the perfect setting place to start your career. As you take your first steps, you’ll
 have the backing of a multinational business combined with the freedom of a start-up. You’ll bring a positive mindset and fresh perspective to projec
ts that can make a huge difference to so many. About the team OSRD is a Strategy team focused on improving Agility and Cost throughout our Operations 
in PMI. The candidate will report to Agility Stream, which aims to reduce lead time and bring flexibility on cross-functional strategic E2E processes.
 Who we’re looking for • Available from mid-July to February • Pursuing a Master's degree in Engineering, Data analysis, Business & Administration • G
ood problem-solving and project management skills • Prior knowledge/ experience in operations/ supply chain/ procurement/ strategy is a plus • Knowled
ge of data analysis and research techniques • Ability to independently lead sub-streams of a project and manage/ work with diverse stakeholders • Abil
ity to develop detailed proposals and plans • Excellent organizational and coordination skills • Analytical and creative Roles & Objectives • Working 
with cross-functional stakeholders to identify the scope and outcomes for a project • Conducting research, surveys and interviews and analysing data, 
and statistics to gain insights into the business • Detecting bottlenecks and investigating ways to resolve them • Assessing the pros and cons of poss
ible strategies • Exploring business problems and modelling different solutions • Develop the roadmap, and support in implementing agreed solutions • 
Portfolio/ project management to deliver the vision and Agility targets for Operations What we offer: Our success depends on our talented employees wh
o come to work here every single day with a sense of purpose and an appetite for progress. Join PMI and you too can: • Seize the freedom to shape your
 future and ours. We’ll empower you to take risks, experiment and explore. • Be part of an inclusive, diverse culture, where everyone’s contribution i
s respected; collaborate with some of the world’s best people and feel like you belong. • Pursue your ambitions and develop your skills with a global 
business –our staggering size and scale provides endless opportunities to progress. • Take pride in delivering our promise to society: to deliver a sm
oke-free future. PMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Apply Related jobs Other jobs available Data Scientist intern  Information Technology FULL-TIME 
Lausanne,Switzerland  Project Coordinator innovation intern  Operations FULL-TIME Neuchatel,Switzerland  Deployment Lead Intern  Operations FULL-TIME 
Crespellano,Italy  Consumer Experience intern  Consumer FULL-TIME Lausanne,Switzerland  Analytics Lead  Operations FULL-TIME Crespellano,Italy  Produc
t Safety Intern  Life Sciences FULL-TIME Neuchatel,Switzerland  Human Resources Intern (Talent and Development)  People & Culture FULL-TIME Madrid,Spa
in KontaktPhilip Morris International(1)15 Jobshttps://www.pmicareers.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantitative Consultant in Risk Management - Financial Services EMEIA FSO, ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:
100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8005 ZurichQuantitative Consultant in Risk Management - Financial Services EMEIA FSO, Zurich       What if your c
areer could have a lasting impact on you, and on the world?    Here at EY, you’ll have the chance to build a truly exceptional experience. We’ll empow
er you with the latest technology, surround you with high-performing teams, and provide the global scale and diverse and inclusive culture you need to
 discover your full potential. Through our coaching and training programs, you’ll develop the skillsets you need to stay relevant today and in the fut
ure – all while building a network of colleagues, mentors, and leaders who will be on the journey with you at EY and beyond.     The exceptional EY ex
perience. It's yours to build.     The opportunity: your next adventure awaits     OurConsultingbusiness offers a broad range of functional and cross-
country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Fin
ancial Services industry.     What we look for    You have an agile, growth-oriented mindset. What you know matters. But the right mindset is just as 
important in determining success. We’re looking for people who are innovative, can work in an agile way and keep pace with a rapidly changing world.  
  You are curious and purpose driven. We’re looking for people who see opportunities instead of challenges, who ask better questions to seek better an
swers that build a better working world.   You are inclusive. We’re looking for people who seek out and embrace diverse perspectives, who value differ
ences, and team inclusively to build safety and trust.      Qualifications:     A Master of Science or PhD in a quantitative field (mathematics, physi
cs, statistics, financial or computational engineering, econometrics) A strong interest in financial risk management and/or applying advanced analytic
al methods like machine learning in the financial risk management world Good knowledge of programming or DB languages like VBA, Matlab, Python SQL, R 
and C # (or other) allowing you to analyze data, implement quantitative algorithms and develop solutions Good knowledge of a development environment a
nd experience implementing predictive models and machine learning is a plus Fluent in German and English Excellent interpersonal and communication ski
lls and the ability to demonstrate initiative and a flexible working style within a multi-national team     What’s in it for you     International mul
ti-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, mentoring, coun
selling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recogniti
on and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, comp
letely free*     What you can expect     Consulting engagements where you will support our clients (financial institutions ranging from leading global
 market players to more regional focused institutions) in financial risk management related challenges ranging from the review or development of firm 
wide quantitative models for measuring various risks like market risk, credit risk, operational and fraud related risks to the valuation of complex de
rivatives incl. applying advanced analytics Support audit mandates where you will support our audit teams in the areas of the valuation of financial p
roducts and contracts / physical assets and validation of all kind of risk related models Developing your technical and social skills in particular th
rough internal and external training opportunities incl. obtaining professional degrees like GARP ERP or FRM    If you can demonstrate that you meet t
he criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact
 our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com/ +41 58 286 33 66).    EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better worki
ng world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology,
 diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, cons
ulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktE
Y (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker StudiesETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker StudiesPhD Posi
tion: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker Studies 100%, Zurich, fixed-term Exciting technological advances in wear
ables and biosensors rapidly transform how we monitor and manage metabolic health beyond finger pricking and blood picks. Instead, passive, wrist-worn
 data streams hold massive potential to provide personalized insights into glucose levels and to help inform decisions about diet, exercise, and medic
ation management in everyday life and at scale. Project background The CSS Health Lab is a research laboratory at the Centre for Digital Health Interv
entions, a joint initiative of ETH Zurich and the University of St. Gallen, dedicated to various aspects of digital health and supported by CSS, one o
f the largest Swiss health insurance companies. Given the increasing health and economic burden of non-communicable diseases, the lab aims to make pre
vention measurable, actionable, and accountable; and make preventative care successful. To strengthen the CSS Health Lab, we offer the following posit
ion at the School of Medicine at the University of St.Gallen and ETH Zurich under the main supervision of Mia Jovanova, PhD, upcoming Scientific Direc
tor of the CSS Health Lab and Postdoctoral Research in Digital Biomarkers for Healthy Longevity, with Prof. Dr. Tobias Kowatsch and Prof. Dr. Florian 
von Wangenheim being co-supervisors: Research Assistant to obtain a PhD at ETH Zurich. Job description You must be eligible for a PhD at ETH Zurich, a
nd you will research the design, development, and evaluation of digital biomarkers in metabolic health with a specific focus on personalized predictio
n and prevention of dropouts in digital biomarker studies. As part of our team, you take direct project responsibility. You will design protocols for 
digital biomarker studies and identify and systematically assess intervention components that promote adherence to digital biomarker studies (e.g., ba
sed on behavioral economics, health psychology, marketing, and personalized motivational messages delivered by large language model AI chatbots). You 
will also develop methods to predict and prevent dropouts in such studies. You will work in a highly interdisciplinary team at the intersection of com
puter science, medicine, and business innovation. Your profile You should meet the following requirements:  A master’s degree in behavioral sciences, 
with a GPA (Grade Point Average) of at least 5.0 (GPA of 2.0 and better in Germany and Austria) in combination with a strong interest in digital bioma
rkers Strong expertise in machine learning methods, especially with large language models. Strong background in experimental research design in digita
l health and health behavior Proficiency in programming languages and familiarity with data visualization techniques and tools for presenting complex 
data. Strong interest in metabolic health, healthy longevity, health economics, and technology-based innovation Prior experience in applied research p
rojects, start-ups, or venture capital, as well as prior work experience in the health industry, is advantageous. Self-confident appearance and high c
onceptual and communication skills, especially regarding presenting research results to a broad and interdisciplinary audience Profound knowledge (wri
tten/oral) in German and English  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. Y
ou can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. The average duration for obtaining a Ph
.D. is 3.5-4 years. The workplace is divided between Zürich and St. Gallen. A minimum of 2 days (40%) will be in St. Gallen. We value diversity Curiou
s? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Motivation letter Master diploma CV  Please note tha
t we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered
. Further information about CSS Health Lab can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Professor Tobias Kowats
ch E-Mail schreiben, or Giuliana Breu E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your onlin
e application with the following documents:  Motivation letter Master diploma CV  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted throug
h our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about CSS Health Lab can be fou
nd on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Professor Tobias Kowatsch E-Mail schreiben, or Giuliana Breu E-Mail schreibe
n (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Enterprise Architect for AILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichEnterpr
ise Architect for AIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenue gl
obal technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers every d
ay in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company b
y further expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) including se
rver, storage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more incl
usive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHu
b. Description and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brighter 
and more inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 markets
 worldwide. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (through 
devices and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inclusi
ve, trustworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As an Enterprise A
rchitect in the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will drive the conception, 
design, and implementation of new generative AI products, solutions, and AI service offerings. Your expertise will be instrumental in translating busi
ness requirements from and for customers into innovative solution designs that extend, deepen, and elevate the Lenovo Center of Expertise AI portfolio
. From inception to productization, your design expertise will bring best practices and best-of-breed tools into play to meet customer needs precisely
. Leading from design to delivery, you'll spearhead our managed services offerings based on generative AI capabilities and emerging innovations. Deplo
ying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud infrastructure will be a significant part of the implemented 
designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to architect and deliver innovative solutions, enabling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seamles
sly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some customer-facing work. This is a remote-only role.  In this 
role, you will:  Lead the design and development of AI and machine learning solutions to address business challenges. This includes selecting appropri
ate technologies, designing system architectures, and ensuring the scalability and reliability of AI applications. Collaborate with data scientists, e
ngineers, and other technical staff to implement AI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with existing systems. Architect
 services leveraging and integrating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance
 and compatibility. Design, develop, and optimize AI workload deployment and delivery across on-premise, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments, guarant
eeing seamless operation and data integrity. Continuously enhance and support architectures focusing on scalability, reliability, performance, cost-ef
ficiency, and regulatory compliance, ensuring our solutions remain at the forefront of industry standards. Develop robust frameworks, templates, and g
overnance models to accelerate the hybrid AI solution and service development and shorten AI product cycles, ensuring timely delivery and market relev
ance. Drive and develop automation and orchestration of managed offerings across hybrid infrastructure, ensuring high efficiency and resource optimiza
tion. Champion security, compliance, responsible AI, and cloud best practices, fostering a culture of excellence and ethical conduct in all our techno
logical endeavors.  Qualifications:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in 
relevant domains. 7+ years of experience architecting and delivering multi-platform solutions and demonstrating a deep understanding of technical and 
operational challenges. Proficiency in AI and machine learning technologies, programming languages (Python or Java), and familiarity with cloud comput
ing platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud). Experience with deep learning, NLP, or other AI subfields may be required. Experience with architecting serv
ices leveraging and integrating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and 
compatibility. Exceptional technical leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfully. A passio
n for continuous learning in this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to the table.  T
he ability to travel or work in different locations, depending on project needs. Preferred Skills:  Advanced knowledge in AI and ML frameworks and lib
raries beyond basic proficiency, including experience with additional frameworks like Keras or libraries like sci-kit-learn. Certifications in AI and 
Machine Learning like TensorFlow Developer Certificate or NVIDIA Certified AI Developer Market experience in one or more of the following: financial s
ervices, telecommunications, industrial manufacturing, energy, consumer products, high-tech, media and entertainment, and automotive Understanding of 
the relationship between various open-source software and hardware components Deep understanding of security best practices, data privacy laws, and co
mpliance requirements in cloud and AI environments, possibly supported by certifications like Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CIS
SP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM). Experience working in a customer-facing IaaS and PaaS environment preferred. TOGAF 9 Certified, 
TOGAF Business Architecture preferred. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral research position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemiaUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral research position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemiaLocated in the Campus Lengg of the Universi
ty of Zurich, and soon in the newly built research tower of the Kinderspital, we apply and develop state-of-the-art technologies including single cell
 analytics, CRISPR-based genome editing, machine learning algorithms, high content data analysis and ex-vivo / in vivo PDX models. We are embedded in 
a strong precision oncology network at UZH with strong ties with the ETH Zurich and are centrally involved in international clinical trials for childh
ood leukemia providing a relevant context to our research program.The employment is limited to 2 years with the option of extension.  Postdoctoral res
earch position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemia    Your responsibilities   You explore the cell biology of various cell death pathways (apopt
osis, pyroptosis, necroptosis, ferroptosis) and their potential to eradicate resistant disease in the context of acute leukemia of childhood. You diss
ect the relationship between intrinsic and extrinsic signaling programs using a representative xenograft bank of primary leukemia. You Investigate the
 immunogenic aspect of programmed cell death instances. You work in an agile and collaborative lab environment and contribute to scientific discovery.
 You will apply state-of-the-art laboratory methodologies. You are receptive for encouragement and support for innovative and actionable ideas. You ha
ve the opportunity to work in a multidisciplinary environment with molecular and cellular biologists, clinicians, computer scientists, and internation
al collaborators.     Your profile   You have a strong appetite for scientific discovery and a strong interest in disease modeling, cell death researc
h, and biomedical computing. You have a strong experimental track record. You are motivated to work together with a focused task force and to guide ma
ster and PhD students. You hold an MD-PhD or PhD in biological or biomedical sciences or equivalent. You have strong analytical and problem-solving sk
ills and are comfortable with planning, prioritizing, conducting, analyzing and communicating research in a variety of contexts. You communicate activ
ely with collaborators, colleagues and team members with proficiency in English.     What we offer We offer varied and interesting work in an inspirin
g and socially relevant environment.Diversity and inclusion are important to us.   Further information PD Dr. Beat Bornhauser, Head of research Dept. 
of Pediatric OncologyApplication KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)ABB Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BadenInternship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80
-100%)Take your next career step at ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive,
 sustainable future.At ABB, we have the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and 
generations. Together, we are embarking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual
 differences. ABB Research, in close collaboration with our business lines, is developing the foundations for the next generation of ABB products. In 
Switzerland, ABB Research is located in the proximity of Zurich and employs an international multidisciplinary team of scientists. Our Industrial Soft
ware Systems team performs research in a wide range of topics, including machine-learning applications, cyber-security, real-time and embedded systems
, computer networking and intelligent distributed systems. We are offering several internship positions which are competitively paid and provide the o
pportunity of working on real-world problems in a flexible and dynamic research environment. Your responsibilities    Exploration of current challenge
s in software systems via direct interaction with ABB R&D units Review of academic literature Design, evaluation and documentation of potential soluti
ons Quick prototyping of solutions through proof-of-concept implementations  Your background    Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Elect
rical Engineering, Information Technology or similar field; enrollment to 5th semester or higher is essential Interest in at least one of the followin
g fields: Software engineering, real-time systems, embedded software, security technologies, operating systems, distributed computing, blockchain, dat
a analytics, machine learning, computer vision, wireless communication protocols Knowledge of at least one programming language, e.g., C, C++, Python 
Proficiency in English Willingness to learn and quickly adapt to new research topics Self-motivation and hands-on attitude Ability to think conceptual
ly and express ideas clearly and convincingly  More about us The mission of Electrification's Research & Development function is to deliver sustainabl
e customer value with our products, solutions and services while driving disruptive innovation in partnership with ABB Corporate Research.We look forw
ard to receiving your application. The recruiting process is led by Ece Özen, Talent Partner ABB Switzerland Ltd. If you would like to learn more abou
t ABB, take another look at our website  www.abb.com. ABB Privacy Policy:https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/candidate KontaktABB Schweiz AG(0)92 Jobsh
ttps://www.abb.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - Consultant Workforce & Organizational Transformation (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Ver
trag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInvent - Consultant Workforce & Organizational Transformation (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design and transfo
rmation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in nearly 40 studios
 and more than 60 offices around the world, it comprisesa 10,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand
 experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. To strengthen our Ente
rprise Transformation team, we are looking for an (Associate) Consultant Workforce & Organizational Transformation (m/f/d)  Be the change: as the inno
vation and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, future-proof topi
cs that challenge and transform the status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere within a large
 company where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - for our clients, society, and yourself. Growth and development: career pathways 
are transparently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the institute” or 
other tailored training programs within a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance through a flexible office – / h
ome ratio, the possibility to do a sabbatical and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular team and company events allow t
o connect in an informal and personal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standing corporate cult
ure is open minded and internationally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technical Team Lead for GenAILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichTechn
ical Team Lead for GenAIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenu
e global technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers eve
ry day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC compa
ny by further expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) includin
g server, storage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more 
inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our Sto
ryHub. Description and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brigh
ter and more inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 mar
kets worldwide. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (thro
ugh devices and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inc
lusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As the Technic
al Team Lead in the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will drive the vision, 
communication and lead the team executing the implementation of new generative AI products, solutions, and AI service offerings. Your leadership skill
s and expertise will be instrumental in translating business requirements from and for customers into innovative solution designs that extend, deepen,
 and elevate the Lenovo AI Professional Services Practice portfolio. From inception to productization, your design expertise will bring best practices
 and best-of-breed tools into play to meet customer needs precisely. Leading from vision to design to delivery, you'll spearhead our offerings based o
n generative AI capabilities and emerging innovations. Deploying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud i
nfrastructure will be a significant part of the implemented designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to architect and deliver innovative solutions, ena
bling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seamlessly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some
 customer-facing work. This is a remote-only role.  In this role, you will:  Lead the team of Enterprise Architects, Solution Architects and Technical
 Consultants who are designing, developing and delivering GenAI solutions to address business challenges. This includes building and communicating the
 overall vision of the GenAI solutions and then leading the team. Communicate and collaborate with data scientists, engineers, and other technical sta
ff to implement GenAI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with existing systems. Architect services leveraging and integ
rating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and compatibility. Design, de
velop, and optimize AI workload deployment and delivery across on-premise, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments, guaranteeing seamless operation and d
ata integrity. Continuously enhance and support architectures focusing on scalability, reliability, performance, cost-efficiency, and regulatory compl
iance, ensuring our solutions remain at the forefront of industry standards. Develop robust frameworks, templates, and governance models to accelerate
 the hybrid AI solution and service development and shorten AI product cycles, ensuring timely delivery and market relevance. Drive and develop automa
tion and orchestration of managed offerings across hybrid infrastructure, ensuring high efficiency and resource optimization. Champion security, compl
iance, responsible AI, and cloud best practices, fostering a culture of excellence and ethical conduct in all our technological endeavors.  Qualificat
ions:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in relevant domains. 10+ years of
 experience architecting and delivering multi-platform solutions and demonstrating a deep understanding of technical and operational challenges. Profi
ciency in AI and machine learning technologies, programming languages (Python or Java), and familiarity with cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure, Go
ogle Cloud). Experience with deep learning, NLP, or other AI subfields may be required. Experience with architecting services leveraging and integrati
ng frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and compatibility. Exceptional te
chnical leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfully. A passion for continuous learning in 
this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to the table.  The ability to travel or work 
in different locations, depending on project needs. Preferred Skills:  Advanced knowledge in AI and ML frameworks and libraries beyond basic proficien
cy, including experience with additional frameworks like Keras or libraries like sci-kit-learn. Certifications in AI and Machine Learning like TensorF
low Developer Certificate or NVIDIA Certified AI Developer Market experience in one or more of the following: financial services, telecommunications, 
industrial manufacturing, energy, consumer products, high-tech, media and entertainment, and automotive Understanding of the relationship between vari
ous open-source software and hardware components Deep understanding of security best practices, data privacy laws, and compliance requirements in clou
d and AI environments, possibly supported by certifications like Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information 
Security Manager (CISM). Experience working in a customer-facing IaaS and PaaS environment preferred. TOGAF 9 Certified, TOGAF Business Architecture p
referred. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior ICT Supporter 100% (m/w/d)Xovis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZollikofenJunior ICT 
Supporter 100% (m/w/d)Junior ICT Supporter 100% (m/w/d) Zollikofen 100% Wir sind eine internationale Marktführerin für intelligente Lösungen im Bereic
h "People Flow" und meistern Herausforderungen an Flughäfen, in Retail, Transportation und Building Management. Mit einer eigenen, «Swiss made» Hard- 
und Software für die präzise, datenschutzkonforme Zählung von Personen und die Optimierung von Personenflüssen leisten wir einen Beitrag zum Erfolg un
serer Kunden und schaffen Sicherheit und Wohlbefinden für Menschen die unterwegs sind. Dabei bildet unsere hochpräzise 3D Technologie in Kombination m
it «Artificial Intelligence» das Fundament des grossen Erfolges. Trotz starkem Wachstum und über 130 Mitarbeitenden weltweit leben wir jeden Tag den X
ovis-Spirit, welcher uns schon als Schweizer Startup prägte. Informatik ist deine Welt und Du begeisterst Dich für einen professionellen Kundenservice
? Wenn Du einen Job in einem spannenden, dynamischen und internationalen Umfeld suchst, haben wir die perfekte Stelle für Dich. Was dich erwartet  Du 
bist die erste Anlaufstelle für unsere internationalen Kunden bei technischen Anfragen Du analysierst und löst Störungen in Bereich Netzwerk, Server, 
Datenbanken und Software Du modifizierst Systeme basierend auf Kundenanfragen und führst Software-Updates durch Als Bindeglied zwischen der Entwicklun
g und dem Kunden betreust und koordinierst Du anspruchsvolle Kundenanliegen  Was du mitbringst  Technische Grundausbildung in der Informatik (Lehrabgä
nger willkommen) Erfahrungen in IT spezifischen Netzwerkthemen Hohe Kundenorientierung sowie analytisches Denken Kommunikative, selbstständige und tea
mfähige Persönlichkeit Lösungsorientierte, speditive sowie exakte Arbeitsweise Sehr gute Deutsch- und gute Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift  Was
 wir dir bieten  Eine klare Vision und Strategie sowie eine flache Hierarchie Wertschätzendes und kollegiales Arbeitsklima mit gelebter DU-Kultur sowi
e regelmäßige Teamevents Modernes und zentral gelegenes Office direkt neben dem Bahnhof Zollikofen sowie kostenlose Parkmöglichkeiten Home-Office Mögl
ichkeit sowie flexibles Arbeiten Attraktive Mitarbeiter-Benefits  Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung. Hinweis: Diese Stelle versuchen wir ohne Persona
lvermittlungen zu besetzen.KontaktXovis AG(1)9 Jobshttps://www.xovis.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - (Senior) Consultant Supply Chain Management (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:LausanneInvent - (Senior) Consultant Supply Chain Management (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design, and transformation brand of 
the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in over 30 studios and more than 60 o
ffices around the world, it comprises a 12,500+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts, and tech
nologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. Our Intelligent Industry team in Switze
rland is looking for a Senior Consultant / Consultant in Supply Chain Management to join one of our offices (Zurich, Lausanne, Geneve).  Be the change
: as the innovation and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, futu
re-proof topics that challenge and transform the status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere w
ithin a large company where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - on our clients, society, and yourself. Growth and development: care
er pathways are transparently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the in
stitute” or other tailored training programs within a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance through a flexible 
office – / home ratio, the possibility to do a sabbatical, and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular team and company e
vents allow us to connect in an informal and personal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standin
g corporate culture is open-minded and internationally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen
 Job melden


Invent - Manager Supply Chain Management (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:ZürichInvent - Manager Supply Chain Management (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design, and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capge
mini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in over 30 studios and more than 60 offices around the world, i
t comprises a 12,500+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts, and technologists who develop new 
digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. Our Intelligent Industry team in Switzerland is looking for a Man
ager in Supply Chain Management to join one of our offices (Zurich, Lausanne, Geneve).  Be the change: as the innovation and transformation powerhouse
 of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, future-proof topics that challenge and transform the 
status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere within a large company where your opinion is value
d and will have a strong impact - on our clients, society, and yourself. Growth and development: career pathways are transparently communicated, and w
e offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the institute” or other tailored training programs with
in a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance through a flexible office – / home ratio, the possibility to do a sa
bbatical, and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular team and company events allow us to connect in an informal and pers
onal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standing corporate culture is open-minded and internatio
nally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - Internship Financial Services (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:GenfInvent - Internship Financial Services (m/f/d)As the digital innovation, design, and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini
 Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in over 30 studios and more than 60 offices around the world, it co
mprises a 12,500+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts, and technologists who develop new digi
tal services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. At Capgemini Invent, we help our clients embrace innovation and trans
formation to get the future they want. For our team in Switzerland, we are looking for a Financial Services Intern for a period of 6+ months in our Ge
neva office  Be the change: as the innovation and transformation powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy pro
jects around digital, future-proof topics that challenge and transform the status quo. Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a 
collaborative atmosphere within a large company where your opinion is valued and will have a strong impact - on our clients, society, and yourself. Gr
owth and development: career pathways are transparently communicated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboardin
g training program “the Institute” or other tailored training programs within a global network of experts. Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life b
alance through a flexible office – / home ratio, the possibility to do a sabbatical, and our Capgemini well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our 
regular team and company events allow us to connect in an informal and personal way. Diversity & Inclusion: we believe that diversity is our greatest 
strength. Our long-standing corporate culture is open-minded and internationally oriented. We are all role models of empowerment, empathy, and respect
. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Process Expert automated visual inspection - DPS Growth ProjectLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:SteinProcess Expert automated visual inspection - DPS Growth Project Today, Lonza is a global leader in life sciences operating across three
 continents. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together,
 devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve t
he world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of.  Located in Stein, Switzerland our successful CDMO Business Unit Drug Product Services (D
PS) currently offers exciting opportunities. As a Member of the Operations Team in a Capital investment project, the Process Expert (PE) provides fron
t line expertise for operational activities within one or more production steps and equipment, with respect to safety, quality and on-time full delive
ry. Become part of this exciting opportunity and apply now! Key responsibilities:   Establish, drive and maintain good CNC room management practices  
 Own and provide expertise to the two automated visual inspection lines, operational activities and project ramp-up   Execute and support validation a
nd qualification incl. all relevant documentation   Create, update and own change request on standard operating procedures and electronic batch record
s   Use scientific and statistical knowledge to analyze data to provide process understanding, and to identify root causes of product and process fail
ures   Maintain the assigned processes/equipment at Inspection readiness level and provide the necessary support in any internal or external audit   S
upport the goal of executing each batch safely, in time, in compliance with the quality requirements   Support innovation and future implementation of
 artificial intelligence (AI) based inspection   Support the team leader as deputy   Key requirements:   MSc. in Pharmaceutical Technology, Pharmacy, 
Engineering or equivalent scientific degree / equivalent experience   First experience in pharmaceutical aseptic production for drug product manufactu
re  especially in automated visual inspection   Good understanding of vision engineering or image analysis   Strong understanding of regulations and g
ood manufacturing practices relevant to aseptic manufacture of sterile drug products   Experienced in ramping up new production facility or new lines 
  Solid interpersonal and teamwork skills, able to work cross-functionally and collaborate with various levels   Flexible, able to respond to daily ch
anging demands   Effective communicator, verbal and written   Fluency in German and English   Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive
 impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but also a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is jus
t as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect our people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success a
t all if not achieved ethically. People come to Lonza for the challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sc
iences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningfu
l difference. Reference: R59110 KontaktLonza AGBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Channel Manager DACH & Eastern EuropeExeon Analytics AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hChannel Manager DACH & Eastern Europe    80-100% | immediately or according to arrangeme nt | DACH About Exeon: Exeon Analytics is a Swiss cyber tech
 company specializing in the protection of IT and OT networks through AI-driven security analytics. Our Network Detection & Response (NDR) platform Ex
eonTrace allows companies to monitor corporate networks, immediately detect cyber threats and thus effectively protect their organization’s IT landsca
pe - quickly, reliably, and completely hardware-free. The self-learning algorithms for detecting anomalies in network activity were developed at ETH Z
urich and are based on more than ten years of academic research. Exeon was awarded as one of the top three high-tech companies at the SEF 2021 and con
sists of an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, machine learning experts, white hat hackers, network security specialists and business professi
onals. Exeon is determined to become the leading NDR provider in Europe and already counts renowned companies such as PostFinance, Planzer and SWISS A
irlines among its customers. What your impact will be like: As Channel Manager in DACH & Eastern Europe, you will be a key member of our channel team,
 reporting to our Head of Channel. You will strengthen our existing partner landscape in DACH and build up our channel in Eastern Europe. You will ide
ntify, establish, maintain and expand Exeon’s long-term channel partnerships in assigned regions. In particular, you will: Acquire, establish and furt
her develop long-term channel partnerships. Develop, monitor and own business plans and campaigns to achieve common goals with partners and distributo
rs.  Support the development of structures, assets and initiatives to enable and activate partners and distributors. Take responsibility for onboardin
g new channel partners and for the knowledge exchange between Exeon, partners and distributors. Lead all contractual aspects of partnerships. Be the f
irst point of contact for partners & distributors and coordinate partner matters with Exeon's Sales team. What you can expect from us: Exeon offers an
 open company culture that values and encourages diversity, teamwork and a growth mindset. Our goal is to provide our employees with an exciting, supp
ortive and motivating environment for personal growth and career development while ensuring that our team maintains a healthy work-life balance. We st
rive to achieve this by offering: Manifold opportunities to shape your professional profile and grow according to your personal goals in an innovative
 start-up environment. Working in close collaboration with our interdisciplinary team and learning from our Security Experts, Data Scientists, and Bus
iness Professionals Taking over responsibilities quickly and help shape and promote a cutting-edge security software. A high degree of trust, flexibil
ity and independence An exciting and impactful job in a fast-growing Swiss cyber tech company expanding across Europe. Many freedoms in terms of worki
ng hours and place of work A young, diverse and dynamic team of tech and business professionals A competitive salary and appealing benefits package Lo
ts of fun, exciting interactions and new challenges    What makes a good person-job-fit: We are looking for a proactive, self-motivated and enthusiast
ic individual who’s comfortable in a high-paced scale-up environment. In addition, we are looking for certain requirements and skills to establish a g
ood person-job-fit: A communicative personality with a passion for channel management. An established network in the DACH & Eastern Europe IT channel 
landscape. An entrepreneurial mindset to significantly shape Exeon's indirect sales. Several years of experience in dealing with IT security partners,
 especially handling partner contracts, creating and implementing business plans and marketing activities, ensuring knowledge transfer. A networker wi
th a convincing appearance in German and English. KontaktExeon Analytics AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.exeon.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wissenschaftlicher MitarbeiterUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:ZürichWissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wissenschaftlicher MitarbeiterDas Historische Seminar der Universität Zürich ist eines der grö
ssten geschichtswissenschaftlichen Institute im deutschsprachigen Raum. Rund 150 Mitarbeitende lehren und forschen hier; in den Bachelor- und Masterst
udiengängen und im Doktorat sind fast 2'000 Studierende eingeschrieben. Am Lehrstuhl für die Geschichte des ersten Millenniums in Asien und Europa an 
der Universität Zürich entsteht in Kooperation mit dem Fachbereich Informatik ein innovatives KI-Labor, das neue Analysemethoden im Bereich der Geschi
chtswissenschaft auf der Basis KI-gestützter Modellierungen entwickelt. Für dieses Projekt suchen wir zum nächstmöglichen Zeitpunkt eine:n wissenschaf
tliche:n Mitarbeiter:in, der/die an der Schnittstelle von Geschichte und künstlicher Intelligenz forschen wird.  Wissenschaftliche Mitarbeiterin Wisse
nschaftlicher Mitarbeiter    Ihre Aufgaben Ihre Aufgabe besteht in der Konzeption und der Erstellung von Anträgen für digitale Projekte in Zusammenarb
eit mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen aus der Geschichtswissenschaft und der Informatik. Des Weiteren sind Sie für die Entwicklung und Durchführung von For
schungsprojekten, die computergestützte Analysemethoden im Bereich der Geschichte nutzen, verantwortlich. Es wird erwartet, dass ein Aufbau eines Netz
werkes mit den kooperierenden Zürcher Hochschulen ZHdK, ZHAW, PHZH entsteht.   Ihr Profil   Abgeschlossenes Hochschulstudium (Master oder vergleichbar
) in Computerlinguistik, Informatik oder einem benachbarten Fach. Hervorragende Kenntnisse in mindestens einem Bereich der künstlichen Intelligenz, z.
B. Maschinelles Lernen, Natural Language Processing oder Datenanalyse. Erfahrung in der Konzeption und Durchführung digitaler Projekte. Interesse an d
er Geschichte und Bereitschaft, sich intensiv in neue historische Forschungsfelder einzuarbeiten. Sehr gute kommunikative Fähigkeiten und die Fähigkei
t zur interdisziplinären Zusammenarbeit. Fließende Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift.     Wir bieten Ihnen Wir bieten eine abwechslu
ngsreiche Tätigkeit in einem nicht alltäglichen, interessanten und gesellschaftlich relevanten Umfeld. Diversität und Inklusion sind uns ein wichtiges
 Anliegen. Wir bieten Ihnen eine spannende und innovative Arbeitsumgebung an der Schnittstelle zwischen Geschichte und KI-gestützter Forschung. Dazu g
ibt es die Möglichkeit, zukunftsweisende Forschungsprojekte mitzugestalten und durchzuführen sowie in einem dynamischen und interdisziplinären Team mi
tzuwirken. Die Stelle ist zunächst auf zwei Jahre befristet, eine Verlängerung auf maximal 5 Jahre ist möglich. Bei Interesse ist die Durchführung ein
er wissenschaftlichen Qualifikationsarbeit (Promotion/Habilitation) im Rahmen des Projektes möglich.   Weitere Auskünfte  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniv
ersität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Associate, Risk & Regulatory AI TeamPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichJunior As
sociate, Risk & Regulatory AI TeamWe are seeking a passionate and talented Junior Associate to join our Risk & Regulatory AI Team. This role is ideal 
for a candidate with a robust background in computer science, physics or engineering, who has experience in practical application of GPU accelerated s
oftware. This role is designed for individuals passionate about communicating the use of advanced technologies to non-technical audiences. Ideally the
 candidate is also experienced and interested in other cutting edge technologies that will disrupt the AI space such as for example quantum tensor net
works or neuromorphic chips.  Junior Associate, Risk & Regulatory AI Team    Your Impact   Collaborate with a team to design, develop, and deploy AI-b
ased solutions, focusing on retrieval augmented generation bots for compliance and accounting applications.   Engage in the entire development lifecyc
le from conceptualization to deployment, ensuring the highest quality of deliverables.   Utilize major machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch or 
TensorFlow to implement innovative models and algorithms.   Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code in Python, Rust, and ideally C/C++.   Con
duct thorough testing and validation to ensure the reliability and accuracy of the AI models.   Stay abreast of the latest advancements in AI/GenAI, m
achine learning, and other technologies with high disruption potential like quantum computing or neuromorphic chips to help us stay ahead of the curve
.   Design internal and client facing training programs supporting the upskilling around AI opportunities and technologies of our Risk and Regulatory 
staff in   Engage with clients, leveraging your excellent communication skills and ability to explain complex technical concepts, to understand their 
needs and provide bespoke support and guidance.     Your Skill Set   A Master Degree from in computer science, physics or engineering, particularly in
 areas related to quantum technologies   Demonstrated proficiency in Python, with experience in Rust and CUDA Python. Knowledge of C/C++ is a plus.   
Hands-on experience with machine learning, data analysis, and AI technologies, ideally including course development or teaching experience in these ar
eas.   A keen interest in AI/GenAI, with a commitment to staying informed about the latest trends and advancements.   An excellent team player who thr
ives in collaborative environments, with outstanding problem-solving, critical thinking, and adaptability skills.   Exceptional analytical and problem
-solving abilities, with a creative and innovative approach to tackling new challenges.   Strong communication and interpersonal skills, capable of ar
ticulating complex technical ideas to diverse audiences.   A high level of professionalism, integrity, and a strong work ethic, passionate about using
 technology for impactful solutions.     Any questions? We are happy to help. Gosia Wiendlocha   About PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and ad
visory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions a
nd sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship DSP Development & ModellingNovartis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselIntern
ship DSP Development & Modelling About the Role As an intern in Downstream Process Development (DSP), you will be a key enabler for our aspirations to
 advance on the field of model-assisted Drug Substance Development (DSD) and contribute to our innovation strategy. You will join the DSD Scientific O
ffice and work in close collaboration with the portfolio project development teams (and many more experts within the Biologics community) acting as ke
y contributor on Downstream Process modelling while generating relevant data in the lab and applying them within model-based solutions. Preferred star
t date: Q2 2024Duration: 6 months  Key Responsibilities:Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to:• Contribute to the development of mathe
matical models to characterize the DSP production system and its dynamic• Design, planning, and execution of experiments to support model development 
activities, model vali-dation, and process optimization/characterization• Support ongoing app development by striving to develop and/or extend your pr
ogramming skills   #hybrid   Role Requirements  Requirements• Master or PhD graduate in a relevant field as chemical engineering, biochemical engineer
ing, bioprocess technology, bioinformatics, or similar with a strong background on process modelling (mechanistic, data-driven and/or hybrid models)• 
Knowledge on DSP processes with the interest and ability to work in that field• Experience working in a chemical/biological lab environment• Demonstra
ted programming skills (R, Python, or MATLAB) and knowledge of Machine Learning algo-rithms is desired• Experience in app development (e.g. Streamlit,
 Dash, Shiny) and/or mathematical optimization would be beneficial• Excellent ability to build collaborative relationships and a can-do mind-set• Prof
iciency in oral and written English with strong communication and presentation skills Why Novartis:Our purpose is to reimagine medicine to improve and
 extend people’s lives and our vision is to become the most valued and trusted medicines company in the world. How can we achieve this? With our peopl
e. It is our associates that drive us each day to reach our ambitions. Be a part of this mission and join us! Learn more here: https://www.novartis.co
m/about/strategy/people-and-culture Accessibility and accommodationNovartis is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to all
 individuals. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonableaccommodation for any part of the recruitment process, or in orde
r to receive more detailed information about the essential functions of a position, please send an e-mail toE-Mail schreiben and let us know the natur
e of your request and your contact information. Please include the job requisition number in your message. Join our Novartis Network: If this role is 
not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Nova
rtis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network      Why Novartis: Helping people with disease and their families takes more than innova
tive science. It takes a community of smart, passionate people like you. Collaborating, supporting and inspiring each other. Combining to achieve brea
kthroughs that change patients’ lives. Ready to create a brighter future together? https://www.novartis.com/about/strategy/people-and-culture   Join o
ur Novartis Network: Not the right Novartis role for you? Sign up to our talent community to stay connected and learn about suitable career opportunit
ies as soon as they come up: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network(link is external) KontaktNovartis Pharma AG(4)20 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


PhD Researcher in Identification for Circular ConstructionETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichPhD Researcher in Identification for Circular ConstructionPhD Researcher in Identification for Circular Construction 100%, Zurich, fixed-t
erm The PhD Researcher will be an integral part of the research team working on the project "Intelligent Circular Construction" aimed at advancing cir
cular construction practices through digital innovation and AI technologies. The position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) 
offers a unique opportunity to contribute to cutting-edge research in sustainable construction and circular economy. Job description  Conduct research
 on digital inventory methods for building stock in circular construction, focusing on methods to capture relevant parameters to assess buildings cond
ition, safety, quality, and environmental sustainability. Collaborate with interdisciplinary team members to develop and implement digital solutions f
or large-scale reuse of building materials. Use surveying, reality capture (photogrammetry, LiDAR, etc.), computer vision, and machine learning techni
ques to identify and catalog building components during demolition processes. Analyze data collected from construction sites to predict material reuse
 potential, optimize reuse strategies and minimize waste. Contribute to the development of scientific publications based on research findings and part
icipate in conferences and site visits. Work closely with industry partners and stakeholders to ensure the practical application of research outcomes 
in real-world construction projects.  Your profile  Master's degree in a relevant field such as Computer Science, Civil Engineering, Architecture, or 
a related discipline. Strong background in digital technologies, reality capture, machine learning, and/or computer vision. Experience with data analy
sis, programming languages (e.g., Python, R), and software tools commonly used in construction research. Excellent communication skills and ability to
 work effectively in a collaborative research environment. Prior research experience in sustainable construction, circular economy, or related fields 
is desirable but not mandatory.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer  Opportunity to work on a cutting-edge research project with industry experts 
and leading academics. Access to state-of-the-art facilities, equipment, and resources at ETH Zurich and partner institutions. Competitive salary and 
benefits package commensurate with qualifications and experience. Professional development opportunities, including conference attendance and networki
ng with industry professionals.  We value diversity Curious? So are we. Your application should contain the following documents (make sure your last n
ame is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open and will last until 15.07.2024 or until the position is filled.
 Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A short position paper to show how you will address 
the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and rankin
g in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of 3 referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 3-minute video ex
plaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular construction (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anythin
g submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be considered. Shortliste
d candidates will be invited for interviews to discuss their research interests and qualifications further. Please note that we exclusively accept app
lications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions ple
ase contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute 
of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. A
ny emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Your applicatio
n should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open 
and will last until 15.07.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of pu
blications A short position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/li
st of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of 3
 referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 3-minute video explaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular constructi
on (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any appl
ication that is not complete will not be considered. Shortlisted candidates will be invited for interviews to discuss their research interests and qua
lifications further. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or po
stal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about 
the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Envir
onmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be
 answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensu
m:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenPhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Please apply with a CV, t
ranscript of records, a writing sample (e.g., your master thesis or a term paper) and a cover letter in which you clearly describe which of the topic 
areas you are interested in (if more than one, please state your order of preference). In addition, you may add reference letters and GRE, GMAT or TOE
FL scores if you have any of these. For more information, please contact Prof. Dr. Matthias Weber (E-Mail schreiben). Please apply as soon as possible
. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.  PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)    Your tasks You w
ill be enrolled in a PhD program of the Graduate Program in Economics and Finance (possible specializations are economics, econometrics and finance) u
nder the doctoral supervision ofProf. Dr. Matthias Weber. You will conduct rigorous research in one of the following topic areas:1.       Machine lear
ning in taxation2.       Understanding preferences on taxation3.       Decision theory and behavioral finance Most of your time will be spent on condu
cting academic research. To a lesser extent, you will assist in teaching activities and engage in outreach activities to make a bridge from academic r
esearch to applications.   Your profile   Master's degree in a relevant field (e.g., economics, econometrics finance or computer science), to be compl
eted by summer 2024 Strong interest in (at least) one of the mentioned research areas Strong interest in conducting academic research Strong interest 
in the application of machine learning methods to real-world data and in the refinement of such methods [topic area 1], in conducting surveys and expe
riments and/or in empirical work [topic area 2] or in theoretical modeling in economics and finance and/or in running experiments [topic area 3]   "A 
place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG
), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive 
and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Initiativbewerbungenersis suisse AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernInitiativbewerbungene
rsis rockt die Energiewende! enersis ist ein Climate Tech-Unternehmen, welches Städten, Regionen und der Energiewirtschaft hilft, emissionsfrei zu wer
den. Der digitale Zwilling „gaia“ von enersis visualisiert alle energie- und klimarelevanten Daten auf einenBlick. Unterschiedliche Module bieten Lösu
ngen für verschiedene Themenschwerpunkte und Problemstellungen: vonder CO2-Bilanzierung, Quartiersentwicklung, Netzplanung bis hin zur kommunalen Wärm
eplanung. Insbesondere dieVisualisierung relevanter Daten unterstützt alle beteiligten Stakeholder zur besseren Planung und Kommunikationihrer Maßnahm
en. enersis wurde 2011 in der Schweiz gegründet und ist seit 2015 auch in Deutschland vertreten. Position Vollzeit Standort Schweiz / Deutschland Abte
ilung Kontaktperson Du suchst einen anspruchsvollen Job mit Sinn, wo du dein Potential auslebst und somit zur Energiewende beiträgst? Werde Teil unser
es Super-Teams in Berlin/Dreilinden oder Bern, Schweiz Dann bist Du bei uns genau richtig. enersis schafft Transparenz im Energieverbrauch und hilft s
omit Städten und Gemeinden die Energie besser zu planen, um den Klimawandel so weit wie möglich einzudämmen. Doch das alles ist nur Dank unseres gross
artigen Teams von Energie-Gurus, Klimaforschern, Data Scientists, Analytikern, Marketingexperten, Beratern, Informatikern, Chemikern, UX/UI Designern,
 Ökonomen etc. möglich. Wir haben starke Werte, die wir leben, somit wirst Du eine sehr wertschätzende und teamorientierte Unternehmenskultur mit NoEg
o finden. Deine Kollegen werden dir immer helfend zur Seite stehen, damit du dein Bestes geben kannst. Du wirst durch unser buntes Team von tollen Per
sönlichkeiten permanent neue Dinge dazu lernen. Wir sind alle wissbegierig und bringen uns täglich mindestens einen Schritt weiter. Stillstand mögen w
ir nicht. Wir legen nicht viel Wert auf Titel, wir wollen qualifizierte Kollegen, welche gefordert sein wollen und gefördert werden möchten. Du brings
t uns mit: Das erleben wir zusammen: Dann sende uns Deine elektronische Bewerbung mit Gehaltsvorstellung und möglichem Startdatum. Bewirb Dich trotzde
m, denn wir lassen uns gerne von Dir verzaubern. Stell sie uns vor, mal schauen was wird! Wir kuscheln gerne. Vielleicht ebenfalls interessant für Dic
h Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHREN Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann ret
te mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHREN Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHRENKontaktenersis suisse AG(0
)12 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


HPI Bewerber*innen (gn)enersis suisse AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernHPI Bewerber*inn
en (gn)enersis rockt die Energiewende! enersis ist ein Climate Tech-Unternehmen, welches Städten, Regionen und der Energiewirtschaft hilft, emissionsf
rei zu werden. Der digitale Zwilling „gaia“ von enersis visualisiert alle energie- und klimarelevanten Daten auf einenBlick. Unterschiedliche Module b
ieten Lösungen für verschiedene Themenschwerpunkte und Problemstellungen: vonder CO2-Bilanzierung, Quartiersentwicklung, Netzplanung bis hin zur kommu
nalen Wärmeplanung. Insbesondere dieVisualisierung relevanter Daten unterstützt alle beteiligten Stakeholder zur besseren Planung und Kommunikationihr
er Maßnahmen. enersis wurde 2011 in der Schweiz gegründet und ist seit 2015 auch in Deutschland vertreten. Position Vollzeit Standort Schweiz / Deutsc
hland Abteilung Kontaktperson Für Dich kommt nur ein Job im Zusammenhang mit der Eindämmung der Klimakrise in Frage? Dann bist Du bei uns genau richti
g. enersis schafft Transparenz im Energieverbrauch und hilft somit Städten und Gemeinden die Energie besser zu planen, um den Klimawandel so weit wie 
möglich einzudämmen. Doch das alles ist nur Dank unseres brillanten Teams von Energie-Gurus, Klima-ForscherInnen, Data Scientists, AnalytikerInnen, Ma
rketing-ExpertInnen, BeraterInnen, InformatikerInnen, ChemikerInnen, UX/UI DesignerInnen etc. möglich. Wir haben starke Werte, die wir leben. Somit wi
rst Du bei uns eine sehr wertschätzende und teamorientierte Unternehmenskultur mit NoEgo antreffen. Deine KollegInnen werden dir immer unterstützend z
ur Seite stehen, damit Du dein Bestes geben kannst. Du wirst durch unser buntes Team von großartigen Persönlichkeiten kontinuierlich neue Dinge dazu l
ernen. Wir sind alle wissbegierig und bringen uns täglich mindestens einen Schritt weiter. Stillstand mögen wir nicht. Wir legen Wert auf qualifiziert
e KollegInnen, welche gefordert und gefördert werden möchten. Du bringst uns mit: Das erleben wir zusammen: Dann sende uns Deine elektronische Bewerbu
ng mit Gehaltsvorstellung und möglichem Startdatum. Bewirb Dich trotzdem, denn wir lassen uns gerne von Dir verzaubern. Stell sie uns vor, mal schauen
 was wird! Wir kuscheln gerne. Vielleicht ebenfalls interessant für Dich Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!
MEHR ERFAHREN Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHREN Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Fra
ge? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHRENKontaktenersis suisse AG(0)12 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Computer Vision EngineerSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Schli
erenComputer Vision Engineer"insightness sight for your deviceJob Profile - ComputerVision Engineer(Full-time or Internship)Insightness is a spin-off 
company of the University of Zurich and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, no
vel "Silicon Eye" vision sensor (ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to driv
ers, software and computer vision algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, 
targeted at emerging markets such as augmented reality devices. We recently released our second evaluation kit including our own camera and event-base
d visual-inertial odometry framework (https://goo.gl/F2pk5W). Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names 
we have recently signed a deal for a really exciting project. Now we are looking for skilled engineers and interns to strengthen our software team.Sho
uld you be interested in working on acutting-edge technology together with players that can change the future of computation, come and join us because
 we are one of very few places in Switzerland that allows you to do so.BenefitsJob Description e Become an integral part of a small, highly e Develop 
new event- and frame-based computer motivated and skilled team where you can have vision algorithms a major impact e Improve our existing algorithms e
 Gain insights into problems beyond software: e Integrate and deploy the algorithms in actual chip & product design, business, :  products and demonst
rate them to third parties e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility and e Characterize, profile and test new processingFreedom blocks e Working 
on cutting-edge technology forRequirements applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual and Augmented Reality e Practical experience with computer vi
sion e Work with the world's biggest and most e C++, Matlab or Python, OpenCV, Eigen, ROS influential technology companies e Fluency in English e Adva
nced problem-solving skills: identifyApplication problems, come up with novel solutions andVisit our website for more information. Submit evaluate the
ir performance your Cover letter, CV and Transcripts to our email e Ability to work efficiently and independently address to apply for this position. 
Starting date: As e Excellent communication skills soon as possible. e Highly motivated team player e Background in engineering or science withaSpinof
f ETHzürichInsightnessP strong diplomaMax-Hôggerstr. 6 E-Mail schreiben e Swiss Work Permit8048 Zürich www.insightness.com e Plus: Experience with SLA
M, Machine Learning,3D graphics, IMUs, advanced C++, git, library deployment, cross-platform developmentwww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Systems Pharmacology Internship Animal-to-human scalingLYO-X AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:BaselSystems Pharmacology Internship Animal-to-human scalingQuantitative Systems Pharmacology Modeler Are you a highly motivated data scientist and
 mathematical modeler with a Masters or PhD degree who wants to impact drug development today! If you have great computational skills and are excited 
to use them to tackle complex biology underlying diseases; then LYO-X is the right place for you! LYO-X is an established Swiss company located in Bas
el providing consulting and Quantitative Systems Pharmacology modelling services for the preclinical and clinical development of drugs to our customer
s worldwide. Our customers range from highly innovative biotechnology companies, international large pharmaceutical companies to non-profit health org
anizations. LYO-X is one of the very few companies globally that is successfully applying Quantitative Systems Pharmacology as a service to help devel
op the next generation of drugs to bring better medicines to patients faster! At LYO-X we want our associates to grow and develop both inside and outs
ide of work and we offer a flexible and collaborative working environment, to enable this. LYO-X provides the space to maximize your potential and the
 opportunity to grow your expertise through exiting and novel project work, interaction with global clients and learning from other experienced collea
gues around you. We are looking for individuals with excellent analytical and conceptual skills and a background in engineering, biophysics, computati
onal sciences or other related fields. Experience in life science, pharmacology or drug development is preferable but not required. The desired candid
ate should have graduated with a recent Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other high ranking university. Professional requirements, requir
ed skills & competencies:  Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other recognized university. Rigorous, excellent analytical skills Pro-active
, self-sufficient and can work independently Can communicate about scientific topics proficiently Proficient in oral and written English Expert in sci
entific programming using Matlab and R Confident in understanding, using and solving ordinary differential equations (ODE) Other versatile computation
al skills are desired in fields such as image processing, partial differential equations (PDE), machine learning, statistical learning or parallel com
puting Strong team player, good communication skills and ability to work with cross-cultural and diverse project teams and clients  If you are interes
ted and would like to contribute to the growth of LYO-X, we would be pleased to receive your application including a letter of application, curriculum
 vitae, academic transcripts and job references. Please send your application to hiring@lyo-x.com.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud and Foundry specialist – Risk Technology Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Switzerland    Step into the Worldof Consulting between Technology and Risk    In our Risk Advisorybusiness, 
we support our clients in identifying and anticipating potentialrisks in all areas of their business. We consider financial, technological andbusiness
-relevant risks to ensure the long-term success of the company.   While working in theStrategic & Operational Risk area, you will support our clients 
in thestrategic development, optimization and implementation of IT security andsecurity technologies. In addition, you will advise organizations on ho
w toeffectively mitigate financial and non-financial risks and make informed andintelligent risk decisions based on data and analytics to maximizeoppo
rtunities   How you can make animpact:   You are actively drivingdigitalization forward by introducing new technologies, you will supportthe top manag
ement of international and national companies across allindustries in digitizing their business processes You create the connectionbetween business an
d technology by understanding the technicalrequirements of the customers and linking them with technologicalsolutions You take responsibility for clou
dand bid data solutions (e.g. Palantir Foundry, AWS, Azure) fromrequirements analysis to implementation in various business areas andcountries You ana
lyse processes andhelp to improve them by accompanying our customers in the strategicconception and technical implementation of compliance, risk and g
overnanceprocesses and help to mitigate external and internal risks You are part of a strongteam within a dynamic environment where you will continuou
sly developour topics in close cooperation with experienced experts       Who we are lookingfor:     Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Comp
uter Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience and knowledge in cloud solutions and hyperscalers such as Azu
re, AWS or Palantir Foundry as well as fundamentals of software and cloud architecture.  Experience with at least one of the main programming language
s for the implementation of Machine Learning solutions (e.g. Python, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, R, Java or Scala)  Experience with AI Governance
 processes and the inherent risks of artificial intelligence is required, . Familiarity with the AI regulations would be advantageous and you should b
e willing to take ownership and drive topics to help the team grow further. You are fluent in English, fluency in German would be advantageous      Yo
ur team   Become part of anentrepreneurial, innovative and international team of 100 risk professionalsacross Switzerland. We are passionate about bri
nging best in class risksolutions to our clients and helping our people grow both personally andprofessionally through trainings, mentoring programmes
 and on-the-job learning.     Careers at Deloitte.Choose your impact.  At Deloitte, yourideas create impact and spark meaningful change for our client
s, people andsociety. Your unique expertise, background and perspective helps us find newways into the most complex challenges so we can brighten the 
futures of thoseour work affects. At Deloitte, you can build a career that inspires andenergises you. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Sw
itzerland, weprovide industry-specific services in the areas of Audit & Assurance,Consulting, Financial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With 
morethan 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve companies and organisations ofall sizes in all industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challengi
ng work, aplace where you can be you and where you will never stop growing. You willbenefit from flexible working conditions as well as wellbeing and 
parentalprogrammes.    Join us and becomepart of a global network of like-minded people dedicated to making adifference, whether by  addressing climat
e change   or improving 100 million futuresby 2030. Want to know more about opportunities at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/careers  .    How to
 apply   We look forward tohearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a complete application,including CV, cover letter, references and d
egree certificates.  If you have anyquestions, please contact Rebecca at Write an email     *We consider allqualified applicants for employment regard
less of race, ethnicity, religiousbeliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age ordisability, in accordance with applicab
le law. Research shows that women areless likely to apply for roles unless they match all the criteria; don’t holdyourself back – apply today.    We d
o not acceptapplications from recruitment agencies for this position.  Deloitte AG andDeloitte Consulting AG are Swiss subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, t
he DTTL memberfirm in the United Kingdom.     Requisition code: 13138    KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 Jobshttps://www.deloitte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


DOF_Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in computational biologyUniversité de LausanneBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneDOF_Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in computational biology Introduction    UNIL is a leading international teaching a
nd research institution, with over 5,000 employees and 17,000 students split between its Dorigny campus, CHUV and Epalinges. As an employer, UNIL enco
urages excellence, individual recognition and responsibility. Presentation    The Faculty of Biology and Medicine (FBM) of the University of Lausanne 
is inviting applications for position of: Tenure-Track Assistant Professor to the rank of Associate Professor in computational biology within the Depa
rtment of oncology UNIL-CHUV The CHUV and UNIL are seeking to recruit a scientist with outstanding expertise in computational immuno-oncology. The sel
ected candidate will lead an independent research group in the Department of Oncology and may have an affiliation with the Lausanne Branch of the Ludw
ig Institute for Cancer Research at UNIL/CHUV. The mission of the future Assistant Professor will be to develop a highly competitive research program 
in the area of methods and tools development in computational biology, bioinformatics and machine learning for applications in immunotherapy, cancer i
mmunology and tumor microenvironment research. These advances will enable the next level of understanding of immune cell and tumor microenvironment re
gulation and inferring complex immunological behaviors. The ultimate outcome of this research will be to enable developing more effective immunotherap
y and T cell engineering approaches to treat cancer patients. The position involves research and teaching. Job information     Starting date: to be ag
reed Place: Lausanne, Switzerland Your responsibilities    As a major part, the selected candidate will run and supervise a research group with activi
ties focused on computational immunooncology. In this capacity, the candidate will have the opportunity to collaborate with several experimental and t
herapeutic groups within the Ludwig Branch in Lausanne, the extremely rich scientific community in Lausanne, and members of the international network 
of branches and centers of the Ludwig Institute. The selected candidate will also develop pre- and post-graduate teaching activities on computational 
biology, genomics and immuno-informatics. A candidate capable of advancing statistical and computational modeling of genomics data, multi-omics data i
ntegration, and translating models, methods, and findings into clinical applications is strongly preferred. The candidate is expected to act as a brid
ge between high-throughput experimental technologies (e.g., single-cell omics and spatial technologies), computational methods development, and resear
chers and clinicians at UNIL-CHUV, with the ultimate goal to use the power of the immune system to fight cancer. The job description is available on t
his link. Your qualifications Ph.D. degree in bioinformatics, computational biology, or related disciplines, with training in immunology. Outstanding 
research track record in the development and application of computational methods for omics data analysis. Demonstrated ability to conduct independent
, internationally competitive research. Proven ability to establish collaborations with biomedical researchers and clinicians in immunotherapy, cancer
 immunology and tumor microenvironment research. Proven ability to lead a research group in an interdisciplinary translational biomedical research env
ironment. Experience in obtaining competitive research grants. Proficiency in French (level at least B2, C1 ideally) or ability to acquire it quickly.
 UNIL is committed to promoting gender equality and diversity and strongly encourages applications from female candidates    www.unil.ch/egalite  . Wh
at the position offers you    We offer a nice working place in a multicultural, diverse and dynamic academic environment. Opportunities for profession
al training, a lot of activities and other benefits to discover. Contact for further information    Pr Tatiana Petrova (tatiana.petrova@unil.ch) Direc
tor of the DOF and Pr George Coukos (george.coukos@chuv.ch), Director of the DO. Your application    Applications, in English, should include 1) a mot
ivation letter, 2) a curriculum vitae, 3) a list of publications highlighting the five most significant ones, 4) a brief statement of the past and fut
ure research, 5) a summary of previous teaching experience, 6) your vision of the field's development in the mid/long term, 7) names and contact infor
mation of at least three references, 8) a copy of diplomas and a valid ID card. Full applications should be submitted online as a single PDF file by M
ay 15th 2024  (23:59 GMT+1). Only applications sent through this site will be considered. Additional information     UNIL is committed to equal opport
unities and diversity. www.unil.ch/egalite UNIL supports early career researchers.   www.unil.ch/graduatecampus KontaktUniversité de Lausanne(0)67 Job
shttps://www.unil.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Analyst*in & Projektleiter*in Digitale Transformation, 80–100 %Elektrizitätswerk der Stadt ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 20
24Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichBusiness Analyst*in & Projektleiter*in Digitale Transformation, 80–100 % Ihre Aufgaben Mitwir
kung bei der Entwicklung und kontinuierlichen Anpassung der Digitalisierungsstrategie und Identifikation von Technologietrends und -lösungen. Aktive B
eteiligung an der Geschäftsprozessanalyse und Erarbeitung der Geschäftsanforderungen zur Erkennung von Optimierungspotentialen und Erarbeitung von Lös
ungsvorschlägen für die Verbesserung und Digitalisierung von Geschäftsprozessen. Beratung und Unterstützung der Fachbereiche bei der digitalen Transfo
rmation ihrer Prozesse und bei der Nutzung von Daten zur Verbesserung der Entscheidungsfindung. Initiierung, Leitung und Koordination von Projekten zu
r Umsetzung der Digitalisierungsstrategie, Sicherstellen der Implementierung digitaler Initiativen und Überprüfung der Wirksamkeit. Mitwirkung bei der
 Entwicklung und Pflege der Unternehmensarchitektur zur Unterstützung der Geschäftsstrategie. Sie bringen mit Abgeschlossenes Studium in (Wirtschafts-
) Informatik oder vergleichbare Ausbildung Mindestens drei Jahre Erfahrung in der Leitung von Digitalisierungsprojekten, Kompetenz in ICT-Strategieber
atung, Erfahrung in Requirements-Engineering und Change-Management Fähigkeit, vernetzte und anspruchsvolle Probleme systematisch zu analysieren und ef
fektive Lösungen zu gestalten Gewinnende Persönlichkeit mit ausgeprägter Kommunikationsfähigkeit und versiert in der Zusammenarbeit mit verschiedenen 
Stakeholdern Verhandlungssichere Deutschkenntnisse Wir bieten Ihnen Ein spannendes Aufgabengebiet in einem kollegialen und agilen Arbeitsumfeld. Die W
asserversorgung sieht die wirtschaftlichen und gesellschaftlichen Veränderungen als Herausforderung für die eigene, stetige Weiterentwicklung in der n
euen Arbeitswelt. Ihren Verantwortungsbereich gestalten Sie aktiv mit und Ihr Beitrag für strategische IT-Themen wird geschätzt.  Unsere Mitarbeitende
n profitieren von attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen sowie gezielten Aus- und Weiterbildungen. Ihr neues Büro befindet sich in Zürich-Altstetten an sc
höner Lage - direkt an der Limmat und bei der Sportanlage Hardhof - mit guter öffentlichen Verkehrsanbindung. Interessiert? Auskünfte erteilen Ihnen g
erne Nathalie Ringgenberg, ICT  Consultant und Data Scientist, Telefon +41 44 415 25 35 und Charlotte Gamper, HR Business Partner, Telefon +41 44 415 
22 13. Kontaktewz(2)78 Jobshttps://www.ewz.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director of Quantitative Systems Pharmacology (QSP) ModelingLYO-X AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:BaselDirector of Quantitative Systems Pharmacology (QSP) ModelingQuantitative Systems Pharmacology Modeler Are you a highly motivated data sci
entist and mathematical modeler with a Masters or PhD degree who wants to impact drug development today! If you have great computational skills and ar
e excited to use them to tackle complex biology underlying diseases; then LYO-X is the right place for you! LYO-X is an established Swiss company loca
ted in Basel providing consulting and Quantitative Systems Pharmacology modelling services for the preclinical and clinical development of drugs to ou
r customers worldwide. Our customers range from highly innovative biotechnology companies, international large pharmaceutical companies to non-profit 
health organizations. LYO-X is one of the very few companies globally that is successfully applying Quantitative Systems Pharmacology as a service to 
help develop the next generation of drugs to bring better medicines to patients faster! At LYO-X we want our associates to grow and develop both insid
e and outside of work and we offer a flexible and collaborative working environment, to enable this. LYO-X provides the space to maximize your potenti
al and the opportunity to grow your expertise through exiting and novel project work, interaction with global clients and learning from other experien
ced colleagues around you. We are looking for individuals with excellent analytical and conceptual skills and a background in engineering, biophysics,
 computational sciences or other related fields. Experience in life science, pharmacology or drug development is preferable but not required. The desi
red candidate should have graduated with a recent Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other high ranking university. Professional requiremen
ts, required skills & competencies:  Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other recognized university. Rigorous, excellent analytical skills 
Pro-active, self-sufficient and can work independently Can communicate about scientific topics proficiently Proficient in oral and written English Exp
ert in scientific programming using Matlab and R Confident in understanding, using and solving ordinary differential equations (ODE) Other versatile c
omputational skills are desired in fields such as image processing, partial differential equations (PDE), machine learning, statistical learning or pa
rallel computing Strong team player, good communication skills and ability to work with cross-cultural and diverse project teams and clients  If you a
re interested and would like to contribute to the growth of LYO-X, we would be pleased to receive your application including a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, academic transcripts and job references. Please send your application to hiring@lyo-x.com.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Anschubstipendium des Doktoratsprogramms «Recht im Wandel» Universität BaselBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:12 März 2024Pensum:100%Arb
eitsort:Basel  Die Juristische Fakultät der Universität Basel schreibt im Doktoratsprogramm "Recht im Wandel" ein einjähriges Anschubstipendium über C
HF 30'000.- aus.Der Antritt des Stipendiums erfolgt per 1. Oktober 2024. Ihre Aufgaben Anschubstipendien erlauben es den Doktorierenden, in der Startp
hase des Doktorats einen Förderantrag auszuarbeiten, um sich beim Nationalfonds oder einer anderen Institution um die Weiterfinanzierung ihres Projekt
es zu bewerben. Die Doktorierenden verfassen im Rahmen des Doktoratsprogramms innerhalb der Laufzeit von drei Jahren eine Dissertation. Das Ausbildung
smodul wird nach drei Jahren mit 18 Kreditpunkten abgeschlossen. Das Anschubstipendium kann für folgende Projekte vergeben werden:  Technischer Wandel
: Im Forschungsgebiet "Technischer Wandel" stehen zurzeit die Themen Biotechnologie, Life Sciences Law, Data Governance, Künstliche Intelligenz, Law &
 Robots und Blockchain, Medizinischer Fortschritt als zivilrechtliche Herausforderung und die rechtlichen Rahmenbedingungen medizinischen Fortschritts
 im Vordergrund. Themen aus diesen Bereichen und angrenzende Forschungsfragen sind willkommen.  Gesellschaftlicher Wandel: Insbesondere Globalisierung
, Digitalisierung, Migration und religiöse Pluralisierung haben tiefgreifende gesellschaftliche Veränderungsprozesse in Gang gesetzt, die sich in erhe
blichem Masse auch auf das Recht auswirken. Im Forschungsbereich "Gesellschaftlicher Wandel" werden Fragestellungen zusammengefasst, die in diesem Kon
text einer rechtswissenschaftlichen Reflexion und Aufarbeitung bedürfen.  Wirtschaftlicher Wandel: Auch der wirtschaftliche Wandel ist von der Globali
sierung betroffen. Das führt zu neuen Fragestellungen: Datenschutz, Transparenz und Rechenschaftspflicht, Wirtschaftsrecht der Schweiz und das Verhält
nis zum europäischen Wirtschaftsrecht, Internationalisierung des öffentlichen Wirtschaftsrechts und der Einfluss der International Financial Reporting
 Standards (IFRS) sind Themen, die einer vertieften Aufbereitung bedürfen.   Ihr Profil   Master- oder Lizenziatsabschluss einer Juristischen Fakultät
 in der Schweiz oder ein äquivalentes Diplom einer anerkannten ausländischen Hochschule. Durchschnittsnote von mindestens 5,0 nach dem schweizerischen
 Notensystem oder ein gleichwertiger ausländischer Studienabschluss. Bei Kandidat*innen, die kurz vor Abschluss ihres Studiums stehen oder die aus and
eren Fachrichtungen stammen, entscheidet der Promotionsausschuss nach Rücksprache mit dem/der voraussichtlichen Erstbetreuer*in über die endgültige Zu
lassung und die mit ihr verbundenen Auflagen. Vorliegen einer Betreuungszusage Der Zeitraum zwischen dem Hochschulabschluss resp. Staatsexamen und der
 Bewerbung sollte in der Regel zwei Jahre nicht überschreiten. Erwartet wird eine überdurchschnittliche Motivation zur wissenschaftlichen Auseinanders
etzung mit der Forschungsfrage sowie die Bereitschaft zum interdisziplinären Arbeiten. Passive Englisch- und Deutschkenntnisse sind erforderlich.   Wi
r bieten Ihnen Wir bieten Ihnen die Möglichkeit, an einer international vernetzten und modern ausgerichteten Fakultät eine Rechtswissenschaft in innov
ativen Forschungsgebieten zu betreiben. Durch gezielte Lehrangebote, Publikationsmöglichkeiten während des Doktorats und den vom Programm geförderten 
fächerübergreifenden Austausch ermöglicht das Programm, erfolgreich und zukunftsweisend zu forschen.Weitere Informationen zum Doktoratsprogramm "Recht
 im Wandel" finden Sie hier:  https://ius.unibas.ch/de/recht-im-wandel/     Bewerbung / Kontakt  Bitte senden Sie folgende Unterlagen als ein gesamtes
 PDF bis spätestens 24.05.2024 an E-Mail schreiben: Bewerbungsformular für Anschubstipendien (Download von der Homepage) Motivationsschreiben mit Gesu
ch um Aufnahme in eine der drei Säulen des Doktoratsprogramms: Technischer Wandel, Gesellschaftlicher Wandel oder Wirtschaftlicher Wandel Arbeitstitel
 der Promotion und kurzer Projektbeschrieb (max. 5 Seiten) Lebenslauf Zeugniskopien (Bachelor- und Masterabschluss oder Lizentiat) Fragen richten Sie 
bitte an E-Mail schreiben.  Universität Basel4000 Basel KontaktUniversität Basel(4)26 Jobshttps://www.unibas.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)ABB Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 Oktober 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:
Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:Baden-Dattwil, AargauInternship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%) Take your next career step a
t ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive, sustainable future. At ABB, we ha
ve the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and generations. Together, we are emb
arking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual differences. ABB Research, in cl
ose collaboration with our business lines, is developing the foundations for the next generation of ABB products. In Switzerland, ABB Research is loca
ted in the proximity of Zurich and employs an international multidisciplinary team of scientists. Our Industrial Software Systems team performs resear
ch in a wide range of topics, including machine-learning applications, cyber-security, real-time and embedded systems, computer networking and intelli
gent distributed systems. We are offering several internship positions which are competitively paid and provide the opportunity of working on real-wor
ld problems in a flexible and dynamic research environment. Your responsibilities Exploration of current challenges in software systems via direct int
eraction with ABB R&D units Review of academic literature Design, evaluation and documentation of potential solutions Quick prototyping of solutions t
hrough proof-of-concept implementations Your background Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Information Technolog
y or similar field; enrollment to 5th semester or higher is essential Interest in at least one of the following fields: Software engineering, real-tim
e systems, embedded software, security technologies, operating systems, distributed computing, blockchain, data analytics, machine learning, computer 
vision, wireless communication protocols Knowledge of at least one programming language, e.g., C, C++, Python Proficiency in English Willingness to le
arn and quickly adapt to new research topics Self-motivation and hands-on attitude Ability to think conceptually and express ideas clearly and convinc
ingly More about us The mission of Electrification's Research & Development function is to deliver sustainable customer value with our products, solut
ions and services while driving disruptive innovation in partnership with ABB Corporate Research. We look forward to receiving your application. The r
ecruiting process is led by Ece Özen, Talent Partner ABB Switzerland Ltd. If you would like to learn more about ABB, take another look at our website 
www.abb.com. ABB Privacy Policy: https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/candidate KontaktABB Schweiz AG(0)92 Jobshttps://www.abb.chBewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuaria
l in Zurich     The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-v
alue and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuar
ial Consulting teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actua
rial professionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banki
ng, insurance, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients’ issues. Allowing you to devel
op a wide breadth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consul
ting promises a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You wil
l work on client assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and mo
delling techniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our
 clients. Assignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspec
ts of the actuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SS
T). You will also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior manag
ement at our clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad.
 You will be responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery o
f project streams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas,
 designing solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recomme
ndations to our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, 
and enablers for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and 
business development initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least 7 years 
of relevant work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in: Softwar
e asset development Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong d
esire to structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Ex
cellent infrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics
, Economics or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic co
nsulting environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and o
ral communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong s
takeholder management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and d
iverse teams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stre
am. Knowledge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.
   What we look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to 
act on your own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work in a div
erse and inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continu
ously develop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    Furthermo
re, we offer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the possibility
 to earn an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult Interna
tional Business School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and jo
in EY-specific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employee
s.  Work-life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our
 generous pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed 
for parents at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have 
the chance to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, y
ou will have the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiat
ives within Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity: ​EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainab
le change for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences a
nd needs, which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles,building more inclusive environments and enabling access t
o resources and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines en
sure the equal treatment we aim for. **   Have we sparked your interest?We look forward to receiving your complete application with the following mand
atory documents:  CV (max. 2 pages),  cover letter,  university certificates and transcript of grades  Any other document / job confirmation that you 
deem relevant for your candidature is welcome.   For more information, please contact our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 28
6 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It’s Yours To Build.  * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.  ** Depending on the rank  EY | Bui
lding a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build
 trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients
 grow, transform, and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax, and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new a
nswers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Chief Executive Officer (CEO) - Longevity StartupAVEA LIFE AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:ZürichChief Executive Officer (CEO) - Longevity Startup About Us: Maximon is a longevity investor and company builder with the vision to become a l
eading player in the field of longevity and healthy lifespan by empowering entrepreneurs to build impactful, science-based, and scalable companies pro
viding solutions for healthy aging and rejuvenation. For a venture focusing on health technology and innovation we are looking for a CEO. This venture
 is committed to utilizing state-of-the-art machine learning, AI, and SaaS solutions to revolutionize the analysis of human health data. Tasks and res
ponsibilities Lead the company by crafting a compelling strategic vision Develop and execute a strategy that aligns with our mission to innovate in th
e health and longevity tech space Lead the creation of new business models and partnerships to strengthen our market position Develop and scale busine
ss models, with a focus on SaaS and AI-driven solutions Oversee the development and deployment of our product ensuring market alignment and customer-c
entricity Recruit and retain top talent while driving team building and culture development to create a collaborative, agile, and high-performing star
tup environment Oversee the startup’s operational efficiency, financial health, and regulatory compliance Act as the face of the company, engaging wit
h the media, stakeholders, and at industry events Foster a strong, transparent relationship with the Board of Directors, ensuring clear communication 
of financial and operational performance against goals Remain attuned to trends and shifts in AI, SaaS, and longevity tech, ensuring the startup remai
ns at the forefront of the industry You'll fit great with these skills and values Proven leadership experience in a CEO or equivalent role, ideally wi
thin a startup environment in the health tech, AI, or SaaS sectors Strong understanding of digital health solutions Strong entrepreneurial mindset: in
novative, proactive, and growth-driven Exceptional leadership and communication skills, coupled with strategic business acumen Dynamic in creating sol
utions, understanding market shifts, and guiding the team Strong project management, multitasking, and decision-making skills Ability to cultivate bus
iness opportunities and strategic partnerships effectively Excellent verbal and written English skills; German skills are a plus A healthy lifestyle i
s important to you Strong interest in the fields of preventative medicine, health optimisation, and longevity With us as a strong partner by your side
 As our CEO, you are leading a startup that is revolutionizing the way health data is analyzed and utilized. You will benefit from working with succes
sful and well-known serial entrepreneurs who have co-founded over 20 companies, accompanied 2 IPOs, and have raised more than EUR 2bn. On top of that,
 you will cooperate with the brightest minds and researchers within longevity. You accelerate your entrepreneurial career in one of the hottest topics
 in the coming decades: longevity! KontaktAVEA LIFE AG(0)3 Jobshttps://avea-life.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d)ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInformationss
pezialist:in (m/w/d)Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d) 60%, Zürich, unbefristet Die ETH-Bibliothek fördert Wissen, unterstützt Forschung und Lehre und 
macht als vertrauenswürdige Institution die Welt von gestern, heute und morgen für Sie besser begreifbar. Für die Gruppe Bibliotheken Zentrum suchen w
ir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine:n Informationsspezialist:in (m/w/d) Stellenbeschreibung Als Informationsspezialit:in unterstützen Sie aktiv 
die Bibliotheken im Zentrum, Grüne Bibliothek, GESS-Bibliothek sowie das Team Information der ETH-Bibliothek im Hauptgebäude, bei allen Aufgaben rund 
um Informationsvermittlung und Kundenservices sowie bei operativen Tätigkeiten. Im Wesentlichen sind dies:  Unterstützung und Informationsversorgung d
er interessierten Öffentlichkeit sowie aller Angehörigen der ETH Zürich insbesondere der Departemente Umweltsystemwissenschaften und Geistes- Sozial- 
und Staatswissenschaften Umfassende und kompetente Beratung in allen Belangen der Bibliotheksbenutzung (Einschreibung, Benutzerkonto) und der Fachinfo
rmation einschliesslich Literatursuche und Rechercheunterstützung Mitarbeit bei den laufenden bibliotheksinternen Aufgaben, die einen reibungslosen Ab
lauf des Tagesbetriebes garantieren Selbständige Durchführung von Beratungen und Kursen auf Deutsch und Englisch in mindestens zwei der folgenden Them
enfelder: Recherchieren, Systematic Review, Lesen, Literaturverwaltung, Nutzung des digitalen Semesterapparates (Leganto), Plagiatsprävention oder wis
senschaftliches Schreiben Mitarbeit an der Weiterentwicklung unseres Kurs- und Beratungsangebotes auch vor dem Hintergrund der Einsatzmöglichkeiten vo
n künstlicher Intelligenz und Motivation, sich in den genannten Themenfeldern ständig weiterzubilden  Ihr Profil Sie sind eine Allrounder:in und haben
 Freude an der Arbeit an den kombinierten Ausleih- und Informationsschaltern, bei der Mitarbeit in Projekten und beim Entwickeln neuer Formate zur Ver
mittlung von Informationskompetenz einschl. des Themas Künstliche Intelligenz. Sie mögen es selbstständig zu Arbeiten und ergreifen Initiative für The
men, die Ihnen wichtig sind. Darüber hinaus erwarten wir:  Hoch- oder Fachhochschulabschluss in Informationswissenschaften oder ähnliche Ausbildung Ho
he IT-Affinität, Freude an neuen Themen wie z.B. Einbezug von KI in der Informationsvermittlung, Nutzung von Plagiatsprüfungssoftware, Einsatz eines d
igitalen Semesterapparates und Learning Management Systeme Kenntnisse von Alma und Swisscovery sind von Vorteil Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntni
sse Überzeugende Kommunikationsfähigkeit und Auftrittskompetenz, idealerweise mit Affinität zu Didaktik und Erwachsenenbildung oder die Bereitschaft, 
sich in diesem Bereich weiterzubilden  Ihr Arbeitsort Ihr Arbeitsort Wir bieten  Eine vielfältige Tätigkeit mit der Möglichkeit, zukunftsweisende Ange
bote für die ETH-Bibliothek zu gestalten in den Schwerpunktthemen rund um die Informationskompetenz Mitarbeit in verschiedenen Teams, die in engem Aus
tausch sind und gemeinsam Themen und Projekte erarbeiten Kulturelle Vielfalt sowie attraktive Angebote und Vergünstigungen Familienfreundliche Arbeits
bedingungen und eine aktive Förderung der Aus- und Weiterbildung  Diversität ist uns wichtig Neugierig? Sind wir auch. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Online-
Bewerbung mit  Motivationsschreiben Lebenslauf Diplomen und Arbeitszeugnissen  Bitte bewerben Sie sich ausschliesslich über das Online-Bewerbungsporta
l. Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie auf dem Postweg werden nicht berücksichtigt. Weitere Informationen über die ETH-Bibliothek finden Sie auf unserer Webs
eite. Für weitere Auskünfte wenden Sie sich bitte an Ursula Müller, Leitung Bibliothek Zentrum: E-Mail schreiben. Für Personalvermittlungen gelten die
 AGB der ETH Zürich. Über die ETH Zürich Neugierig? Sind wir auch. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Online-Bewerbung mit  Motivationsschreiben Lebenslauf Diplo
men und Arbeitszeugnissen  Bitte bewerben Sie sich ausschliesslich über das Online-Bewerbungsportal. Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie auf dem Postweg werd
en nicht berücksichtigt. Weitere Informationen über die ETH-Bibliothek finden Sie auf unserer Webseite. Für weitere Auskünfte wenden Sie sich bitte an
 Ursula Müller, Leitung Bibliothek Zentrum: E-Mail schreiben. Für Personalvermittlungen gelten die AGB der ETH Zürich.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps
://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting
 Actuarial in Zurich     The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providi
ng high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, o
ur Actuarial Consulting teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 
400 actuarial professionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry acr
oss banking, insurance, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients’ issues. Allowing you
 to develop a wide breadth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature 
of Consulting promises a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues
. You will work on client assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analys
es and modelling techniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and suppo
rt to our clients. Assignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and dive
rse aspects of the actuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling
 (e.g. SST). You will also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist sen
ior management at our clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland an
d abroad. You will be responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the d
elivery of project streams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shapi
ng ideas, designing solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presentin
g recommendations to our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accel
erators, and enablers for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-ma
rket and business development initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least
 3 years of relevant work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in
: Software asset development Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a
 strong desire to structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major
 plus. Excellent infrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Ma
thematics, Economics or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a d
ynamic consulting environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong writ
ten and oral communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions.
 Strong stakeholder management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motiva
ted and diverse teams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a pro
ject stream. Knowledge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services 
Industry.   What we look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challeng
e us, to act on your own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work
 in a diverse and inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals an
d continuously develop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    
Furthermore, we offer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the po
ssibility to earn an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hul
t International Business School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udem
y) and join EY-specific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our
 employees.  Work-life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for o
ne of our generous pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially 
designed for parents at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you w
ill have the chance to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility:
 at EY, you will have the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different socia
l initiatives within Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity: ​EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving 
sustainable change for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, expe
riences and needs, which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles,building more inclusive environments and enabling
 access to resources and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guid
elines ensure the equal treatment we aim for. **   Have we sparked your interest?We look forward to receiving your complete application with the follo
wing mandatory documents:  CV (max. 2 pages),  cover letter,  university certificates and transcript of grades  Any other document / job confirmation 
that you deem relevant for your candidature is welcome.   For more information, please contact our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / 
+41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It’s Yours To Build.  * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.  ** Depending on the rank 
 EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society 
and build trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and hel
p clients grow, transform, and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax, and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to f
ind new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job m
elden


Machine Learning Engineer, SIMLApple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zurich
 , Zurich , SwitzerlandMachine Learning Engineer, SIMLKey QualificationsKey Qualifications Familiarity with Python, PyTorch, TensorFlow Hold yourself 
and others to a high bar when delivering a model Have great communication skills, for collaborating across many participating teams Hands-on experienc
e with LLM-based workflows: prompt engineering and parameter-efficient fine-tuning of pre-trained LLM Experience with multi-modal setting, specificall
y Vision and Language Ability to rapidly iterate with fine-tuning toolboxes. Ability to translate high-level product goals into data, model and metric
s requirements. Awareness and attention to model complexity, power and performance. DescriptionDescriptionAs a ML engineer in the SIML HOUr team, you 
will work with large-language models and multi-modal generative models, following closely groundbreaking advancements in this domain, to adjust and ap
ply them to internal use cases. One main mission of the role is building adapters on top of large models to enable specific use cases, having a direct
 impact on features across the Apple ecosystem. The work will involve translating high-level product goals into different levels of the stack. From de
fining the data needs, manipulating data, fine-tuning pre-trained models for the task, evaluating it across relevant metrics and power and performance
, prototyping and delivering it for integration. The work will be multi-functional, collaborating with ML researchers, software engineers, product des
ign, and other teams. Be expected to iterate quickly to deliver a high quality model, that is performant, reliable, tested extensively, and documented
. Apart from model development, the role will also give the experience of scoping projects, estimating timelines, multi-functional planning and presen
ting your work to organization leadership. If this could be of interest, please apply! Education & ExperienceEducation & ExperienceMaster's or Ph.D. i
n Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field Additional RequirementsAdditional Requirements Apple’s most importan
t resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter wher
e you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employ
ees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to 
share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, rei
mburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products. Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subj
ect to eligibility requirements. Apple is an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to en
sure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disabili
ty, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicant
s with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Trainee Actuary/Data ScientistZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:ZürichTrainee Actuary/Data ScientistTrainee Actuary/Data Scientist Trainee Actuary/Data Scientist ¿Te interesaría trabajar en un ambiente estimul
ante y orientado a negocio? ¡Únete al equipo de Pricing & Analytics de Sabadell Zurich! Sabadell Zurich es una entidad que nace de la alianza entre Ba
nc Sabadell y Zurich para la distribución de seguros a través de los canales bancarios. Siendo la unión entre un prestigioso banco reconocido por su c
ontribución al desarrollo de las empresas y una compañía internacional experta en la protección y el cuidado de las personas, en Sabadell Zurich tenem
os dos orígenes distintos, pero un solo propósito: ESTAR PARA CUIDAR. ¿Quiénes somos? Sabadell Zurich es una joint venture que nace en 2008 como fruto
 del acuerdo empresarial entre Banc Sabadell y Zurich para la gestión del negocio de Bancaseguros. Está integrada por tres compañías distintas: BanSab
adell Vida, BanSabadell Pensiones y BanSabadell Seguros Generales; la propiedad de las cuales está compartida al 50% entre ambos socios. La plantilla 
de Sabadell Zurich está formada por alrededor de 300 personas, quienes, a nivel organizacional, se contabilizan como parte de la estructura de Grupo Z
urich en España. Tus Responsabilidades Como Trainee Actuary/Data Scientist, la persona seleccionada se responsabilizará, bajo supervisión, de desarrol
lar soluciones analíticas para obtener conocimientos de los datos y apoyar las decisiones estratégicas. Al mismo tiempo, formará parte de un equipo an
alítico de gran experiencia que, basándose en la analítica avanzada, asesorará a las áreas y procesos de negocio más importantes de la compañía. Para 
ello, sus principales funciones serán:  Transformar y depurar los datos para proporcionar asesoramiento y conocimientos técnicos sobre los modelos act
uariales y las cuestiones de riesgo. Desarrollar cuadros de mando analíticos para ayudar en el seguimiento del rendimiento del negocio. Iniciación en 
el desarrollo y la mejora de las herramientas de modelización predictiva de acuerdo con las mejores prácticas del mercado como Modelización de pricing
, Ingeniería inversa a partir de la información del mercado, Modelos de elasticidad para renovaciones y modelos de descuento. Técnicas de Machine Lear
ning como métodos supervisados y no supervisados. Pruebas y mantenimiento de modelos y herramientas actuales. Aprender desde el punto de vista del neg
ocio. Estar en contacto durante toda la vida de la póliza (producto, suscripción, renovación, siniestros, cancelación, fraude...) Apoyo en la Investig
ación de nuevos enfoques como web scrapping, análisis de textos, procesamientos de imágenes, etc.  Tus habilidades y experiencias Esperamos que la per
sona que se incorpore en el equipo reúna las siguientes habilidades y experiencias:  Formación universitaria relacionada con Física, Matemáticas, Esta
dística, Ingeniería o Ciencias Actuariales. Herramientas estadísticas y de programación como Python, R, SAS, SQL u otros lenguajes de programación est
adística. Inglés B2. Experiencia en el proceso de transformación, limpieza y calidad de datos. Adicionalmente, se valorará muy positivamente: Experien
cia en el sector de seguros, banca, farmacéutica, venta masiva, mercado on-line y otros sectores afines. Experiencia en entorno actuarial (Emblem, Rad
ar y GLM). Experiencia en herramientas de BI (PowerBI, Tableau, QlikView). Experiencia con Plataformas en la nube (Azure, AWS, Google). Capacidad anal
ítica y desarrollo de nuevos enfoques. Capacidad de síntesis e interpretación de resultados. Capacidad de aprendizaje, comunicación y trabajo en equip
o. Proactividad e implicación, autonomía y orientación a la mejora continua.  Información Imprescindible  Se requiere poder realizar un convenio de co
laboración con la Universidad y/o Escuela de Negocios de un mínimo de 6 meses con posibilidad de extensión. Jornada parcial de 9 h a 14 h. Agradecería
mos que antes de aplicar a esta vacante de prácticas, donde establecer un convenio de colaboración con la Universidad y/o Escuela de Negocios de un mí
nimo de 6 meses es imprescindible, dispusieras de la siguiente información al respecto: Confirmación de la posibilidad de llevar a cabo el convenio. D
uración del convenio (meses) teniendo en cuenta que la jornada es parcial, y posibilidad de extensión del mismo. Fecha de inicio del convenio. Modalid
ad: curriculares o extracurriculares. Contacto de la persona de referencia con la que gestionaremos el convenio.  Ventajas y descuentos por ser de Sab
adell Zurich Porque nuestro propósito es Estar para Cuidar sumamos más beneficios para ti:  A partir del primer mes de tu incorporación y según acorda
do con tu tutor, podrás trabajar tanto desde la oficina como desde casa. Disfruta de la gran variedad de espacios que ofrece nuestras oficinas enfocad
as a cubrir las necesidades y el bienestar personal. En Sabadell Zurich no tenemos problemas de aparcamiento, ya que disponemos de plazas de moto, bic
icleta y patinete eléctrico gratuitas en las oficinas. En Sabadell Zurich promovemos las actividades de voluntariado y ¡queremos animarte a participar
! Nos importa la inclusión laboral, por eso, trabajamos con varios centros especiales de trabajo que promueven la inclusión de diversidad funcional, p
or ejemplo, en nuestro servicio de fisioterapia, la limpieza de las oficinas, la fruta fresca, ecológica y de proximidad que disponemos en la oficina.
 ¿Quieres aprender y empezar a formarte en el mundo laboral? ¡Nuestro objetivo es el mismo! Te ofrecemos un aprendizaje continuo e involucración en el
 día a día de las actividades del equipo, además de acceso a LinkedIn Learning en el que encontrarás muchos cursos online que te pueden ser de utilida
d.  Nosotros ya nos hemos puesto en marcha y estamos cambiando la forma de hacer seguros. ¡Para ello necesitamos gente con talento, ganas de aprender 
y pasión! ¿Te unes a nosotros? “GRUPO ZURICH, 14 AÑOS CONSECUTIVOS COMO TOP EMPLOYER”  -------------------------------------------  Grupo Zurich tiene
 y aplica una política de igualdad de oportunidades de empleo. Nuestro objetivo es atraer y retener los mejores profesionales sin discriminar por disc
apacidad, raza, nacionalidad, religión, género, orientación sexual o edad.KontaktZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AG / Zurich Insurance Company Ltd /
 Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SA(6)178 Jobshttps://www.zurich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Invent - Senior Manager / Director - Business Technology (m/f/d)Capgemini Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInvent - Senior Manager / Director - Business Technology (m/f/d)Be part of our journey As the digital innovation, design, a
nd transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in nearly 
40 studios and more than 60 offices around the world, it comprises a 10,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience desig
ners, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences, and business models for sustainable growth. For our Ent
erprise Transformation team in Switzerland we are looking for a Senior Manager / Director in Business Technology located in our Zurich Office (m/f/d) 
As a Senior Manager / Director in Business Technology, you have a central position in supporting senior IT executives in the definition and the implem
entation of complex IT transformation programs. Your responsibilities will span a wide range of projects, including crafting organization-wide cloud s
trategies, implementing agile methodologies at scale, defining IT strategy, and overseeing substantial programs. Additionally, you will play a pivotal
 role in ensuring our clients stay at the forefront of innovation, assessing the potential of emerging technologies and their impacts on organizations
. Your deep understanding of IT challenges will be key to help our clients make well-informed technology decisions that align with their overall busin
ess goals, and even revolutionize their business models. This position presents a unique opportunity to thrive in a challenging yet rewarding environm
ent, contributing significantly to our clients 'success, and fostering your own professional growth.  Be the change: as the innovation and transformat
ion powerhouse of Capgemini, you will support our clients through innovative strategy projects around digital, future-proof topics that challenge and 
transform the status quo Dynamic atmosphere: we offer you entrepreneurial freedom and a collaborative atmosphere within a large company where your opi
nion is valued and will have a strong impact - for our clients, society, and yourself Growth and development: career pathways are transparently commun
icated, and we offer you the chance to develop personally, such as through our onboarding training program “the institute” or other tailored training 
programs within a global network of experts Work-life balance: we safeguard work-life balance through a flexible office – / home ratio and our Capgemi
ni well-being hub. Team spirit and community: our regular team and company events allow to connect in an informal and personal way Diversity & Inclusi
on: we believe that diversity is our greatest strength. Our long-standing corporate culture is open minded and internationally oriented. We are all ro
le models of empowerment, empathy, and respect BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationAls Experte für Technologiestrategie und -Transforma
tion bei EY wirst du massgeblich dazu beitragen, die Zukunft unserer Kunden zu gestalten, ihre Betriebsmodelle und Anwendungsumgebungen zu transformie
ren und zu optimieren, um in einer sich wandelnden digitalen Welt erfolgreich zu sein. Deine Beiträge werden entscheidend sein, um robuste Technologie
- und digitale Transformationen zu ermöglichen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Kunden mit modernen Lösungen und nachhaltigen Strategien 'fit für die 
Zukunft' sind. Schliesse dich uns an, um einen Unterschied zu machen, während wir Industriestandards neu definieren und unsere Kunden in eine visionär
e Zukunft führen.   Deine Hauptaufgaben   Expertise in aufkommenden Technologietrends wie Cloud Computing, Datenanalyse, Machine Learning und Künstlic
he Intelligenz; Bewertung deren Einflüsse auf die Marktdynamik, Kundenbetrieb und potenzielle Geschäftsmodelle. Unterstützung von technologiezentriert
en Geschäftstransformationen mit agilen und traditionellen Projektmanagement Ansätzen. Leitung und Unterstützung von technologiegetriebenen Initiative
n durch Koordination der Ressourcen- und Aktivitätenplanung und der Erstellung von Lieferobjekten. Steuerung von (IT-)Kostenreduzierungsprogrammen dur
ch die Identifizierung von Effizienzsteigerungsbereichen und die Optimierung von Ausgaben. Durchführung und Unterstützung von Assessments, Design- und
 IT-Implementierungsprojekten. Effektive Kommunikation und Präsentation von Arbeitsergebnissen/Leistungen/Erfolgen gegenüber Stakeholdern, Kunden und 
dem höheren Management. Engagement und Beitrag zu dynamischen, multidisziplinären Teamumgebungen durch aktive Zusammenarbeit.     Deine Kompetenzen   
Mindestens 8-10 Jahre Erfahrung im Finanzdienstleistungssektor und in der Management Beratung mit Schwerpunkt auf technologie-/digitale Transformation
. Eine Leidenschaft für Informationstechnologien, digitale Innovation, Unternehmenstransformation und Finanzdienstleistungen. Ein Abschluss in Wirtsch
aftsinformatik, Informationstechnologie, oder Betriebswirtschaft mit starker Technologieaffinität (oder gleichwertig). Nachgewiesene Problemlösungs- u
nd analytische Denkfähigkeit und Anpassungsfähigkeit. Umfangreiche Erfahrung in der Identifizierung von Geschäftsproblemen sowie die Fähigkeit, Lösung
sansätze, Optionen und Designs zu definieren. Grundlagen/Erfahrung in der Programmierung sind von Vorteil. Ausgeprägte Problemlösungsfähigkeit und gut
es Business Judgment. Starke schriftliche und mündliche Kommunikationsfähigkeit auf Deutsch und auf Englisch mit der Fähigkeit, effektiv auf allen Man
agementebenen und mit Partnern aus einer Vielzahl von Geschäftsfunktionen zu kommunizieren.     Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit
, in einem vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeitenden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusamm
enarbeiten, von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönl
iche Entwicklung und Weiterbildung unserer Mitarbeitenden.  Hier erfährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility.   H
aben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeugnis
sen und Diplomen. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an unser Recruiting Team wenden (E-Mail schreiben / +41 58 286 33 66).    The excepti
onal EY experience. It’s yours to build.     EY | Building a better working world  EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-t
erm value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countri
es provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transact
ions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://
www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Offering Manager for AILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichOffering Ma
nager for AIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenue global tec
hnology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers every day in 18
0 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company by furthe
r expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) including server, st
orage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more inclusive, t
rustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHub. Descr
iption and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brighter and more
 inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 markets worldwi
de. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (through devices 
and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inclusive, trus
tworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As an Offering Manager in 
the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will develop and refine offering vision
, strategy and roadmap for AI-powered service offerings. Your expertise will be instrumental in translating business requirements from and for custome
rs into innovative service offerings. From inception to productization, your expertise will bring best practices and best-of-breed tools into play to 
meet customer needs precisely. Leading from design to delivery, you'll spearhead our managed services offerings based on generative AI capabilities an
d emerging innovations. Deploying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud infrastructure will be a signifi
cant part of the implemented designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to develop services enabling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seaml
essly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some customer-facing work. In this role, you will: Manage the 
product development lifecycle, from ideation to launch, working closely with cross-functional teams to ensure timely delivery and high-quality standar
ds. Monitor and analyze product performance using key performance indicators (KPIs), making data-driven decisions to optimize and improve AI offerings
. Gather and incorporate user feedback, market trends, and technological advancements into the product development process to ensure continuous improv
ement and competitiveness. Communicate offering updates, progress, and challenges to stakeholders, managing their expectations and addressing concerns
. Ensure AI products adhere to ethical guidelines and consider fairness, transparency, and privacy concerns. Stay informed about advancements in AI, m
achine learning, and related technologies, as well as industry trends and best practices, to drive innovation and informed decision-making. Collaborat
e with data scientists, engineers, and other technical staff to implement AI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with ex
isting systems.  Qualifications:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in rel
evant domains. 5-7 years of experience creating enterprise products or services demonstrating a deep understanding of the market dynamics, customer re
quirements and business acumen. 5-7 years of experience and a strong grasp of AI, machine learning, or a related field, including experience creating/
implementing AI solutions. Exceptional business leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfull
y. A passion for continuous learning in this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to th
e table. The ability to travel or work in different locations, depending on project needs.  Preferred Skills:  Experience with Product management and 
offering development lifecycle processes. Proficiency in developing multi-year strategies and execution plans. In-depth understanding of service offer
ings and the competitive landscape. Customer insights and ability to identify high value, business objectives. Strong analytical skillset and demonstr
ated business acumen. Effective communication and presentation skills. Collaborative approach & ability to influence across the organization. Startup 
experience or incubation business Experience working on an international team BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Stage en statistiques et analyse de données - 100%Les hôpitaux universitaires de GenèveBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveStage en statistiques et analyse de données - 100%Stage en statistiques et analyse de données - 100%  Stage Type de c
ontrat HUG: Stage Département: Département de médecine aiguë  Description de l'entreprise Avec plus de 12'000 collaborateurs et collaboratrices représ
entant 160 métiers, les Hôpitaux Universitaires de Genève sont un établissement de référence au niveau national et international. Pour en savoir plus 
sur notre institution, prenez quelques minutes pour consulter notre rétrospective 2023 en cliquant ici. Comptant près de 1'200 collaboratrices et coll
aborateurs, le Département de médecine aiguë (DMA) inclut les services d'anesthésiologie, de pharmacologie et toxicologie cliniques, des soins intensi
fs et des urgences. Il répond à une quadruple mission au travers de ses services qui apportent leur expertise en interaction fréquente avec l'ensemble
 des Hôpitaux universitaires de Genève, grâce à un plateau transversal, dans l'objectif d'assurer la meilleure prise en charge possible des patients e
t patientes. Le Service des urgences, une structure multidisciplinaire, a pour mission d'accueillir les patients et patientes 24h/24, indépendamment d
e la nature de leur problème de santé. Il vise à fournir des soins rapides et efficaces, orientant les patients vers l'infrastructure la plus adaptée 
à leur cas. Intégrée dans ce service, l’Unité de la centrale d’appels sanitaires urgents (Urgences Santé 144) est placée sous l'autorité et la supervi
sion de la Direction générale de la santé de la République et canton de Genève. Cette unité traite les requêtes du numéro 144, régule les situations d
'urgence, mobilise les ressources nécessaires et coordonne les opérations de secours. Elle joue également un rôle crucial en informant et en dirigeant
 les appelants vers les centres de soins appropriés lorsqu'une intervention d'urgence n'est pas requise. Elle gère aussi les transferts inter-hospital
iers, qu'ils soient terrestres ou aériens. Avec environ 50 collaborateurs et collaboratrices, elle gère annuellement 260'000 appels, dont 105'000 urge
nces, et crée 70'000 dossiers de régulation. Elle coordonne également 46'000 missions d’ambulances et 5'500 interventions SMUR par an. En situation d’
événement exceptionnel, elle établit et gère un centre opérationnel dédié au suivi et à la coordination de la situation sanitaire. La régulation au se
in de l’unité est assurée par des paramédicaux qualifiés (personnel infirmier ou ambulancier ES) qui filtrent les appels d'urgence, assistent les témo
ins dans l'exécution des gestes de premiers secours et fournissent des conseils médicaux par téléphone, le tout basé sur des protocoles médico-délégué
s. En outre, l’unité est responsable de l'organisation et de la planification opérationnelle de l'aide sanitaire urgente au niveau cantonal, en collab
oration avec la Direction générale de la santé. Elle gère également le système d’information de l’aide sanitaire urgente en partenariat avec l’Office 
cantonal des systèmes d’information et du numérique. L'unité conduit aussi un programme de recherche axé sur la modélisation des processus de soins d'
urgence, incluant la prise en charge des arrêts cardio-respiratoires et le triage en situation d'urgence. Elle développe des projets innovants pour la
 création d'outils d'évaluation et d'assistance à distance pour les gestes de secours. Elle s'impose également comme un centre de formation essentiel,
 notamment pour la régulation médico-déléguée paramédicalisée, appuyée par des simulateurs spécifiques. En 2024, l'unité connaîtra une expansion signi
ficative avec l'introduction d'une nouvelle ligne téléphonique dédiée au tri et à l'orientation des patients et patientes dans des situations d'urgenc
e "non vitales", venant en complément du numéro 144. Description du poste Cette mission offre une grande diversité d'activités, allant de l'analyse de
s missions de sauvetage, à la création d'indicateurs de performances pour la régulation et les services ambulanciers, en passant par la conception de 
tableaux de bord dynamiques présentant les chiffres clés. Vous avez également l'opportunité de contribuer à tous les corps de métiers au sein de la ce
ntrale, en réalisant des analyses statistiques qui soutiendront les opérations directes, la démarche qualité, la facturation, ainsi que dans la partic
ipation à des projets de recherche innovants. Ces projets incluent notamment des études sur les arrêts cardio-respiratoires, les processus de décision
 en réanimation, ainsi que le développement d'outils d’aide à la décision. De plus, vous travaillez, durant votre stage, en étroite collaboration avec
 des partenaires externes tels que les services de sauvetage, les entreprises et la police, renforçant ainsi l'aspect multidisciplinaire de cette expé
rience. Vous ferez partie intégrante de notre équipe technique, composée actuellement de 5 personnes. Vous aurez l'occasion de collaborer étroitement 
avec des collègues passionnés et d'acquérir une expérience significative dans le domaine des statistiques appliquées à la santé et aux services d'urge
nce. Qualifications Les qualifications et les qualités requises pour occuper ce poste sont diverses et variées, témoignant d'une expertise tant techni
que que comportementale. Tout d'abord, une formation solide est essentielle, avec un diplôme de niveau Bachelor ou équivalent dans les domaines des st
atistiques, des mathématiques ou d'un domaine similaire, et idéalement en cours de Master, démontrant ainsi une compréhension approfondie des concepts
 fondamentaux. Une connaissance de base en économétrie est également souhaitable. Sur le plan technique, une maîtrise des outils de visualisation de d
onnées tels que Power BI ou Tableau, associée à une compétence dans l'utilisation de logiciels spécialisés en statistiques et en science des données t
els que Stata, SPSS ou R, est primordiale pour analyser efficacement les données et en extraire des informations pertinentes. De plus, la capacité à p
résenter les résultats de manière claire et compréhensible est cruciale pour permettre une prise de décision éclairée. Au-delà des compétences techniq
ues, des qualités analytiques sont également recherchées. Cela inclut la capacité à identifier des tendances significatives et à formuler des recomman
dations pertinentes. Une expérience préalable dans le domaine de l'analyse de données ou de la publication scientifique est un atout supplémentaire, t
out comme un fort intérêt pour le domaine de la santé, illustrant ainsi une motivation intrinsèque pour le secteur d'activité des HUG. De plus, une ca
pacité à s'adapter au contexte de l'administration, à remettre en question les besoins existants et à proposer des solutions innovantes, ainsi qu'une 
autonomie, un dynamisme et une capacité à travailler sous pression sont des compétences essentielles pour exceller dans ce rôle. En somme, dans l'idéa
l, vous alliez une expertise technique solide à des compétences comportementales telles que la flexibilité, la résilience et l'initiative, vous permet
tant ainsi de contribuer de manière significative aux objectifs de la centrale dans un environnement exigeant et en constante évolution. Informations 
complémentaires  Entrée en fonction : 2024, à convenir Nombre de poste : 1 Taux d’activité : 100% Contrat : stage de 6 mois, à convenir Délai de candi
dature : 19.05.2024 Demande de renseignements : E-Mail schreiben  Si ce poste vous intéresse et que vous vous reconnaissez dans le profil recherché, n
’hésitez pas à postuler ou à nous contacter pour de plus amples informations ! C’est avec attention que nous étudierons votre candidature, qui doit co
mporter un CV à jour, une lettre de motivation et des copies de vos certificats de travail et diplômes. Cette annonce s'adresse indistinctement aux fe
mmes et aux hommes.KontaktHUG - Hôpitaux Universitaires de Genève(0)64 Jobshttps://www.hug.ch/emploiBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d)Körber Pharma Packaging AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:GrabsSoftware Developer Frontend (m/w/d)Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d) Grabs, CH Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d) Mit modernster Technologie 
und innovativem Design produzieren wir High-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinen und entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharmabranche, wie den Line Optimizer. 
Es erwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue Wege und Optimierungen des digitale
n Shopfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt. Deine Rolle in unserem Team  Weiterentwicklung und Optimierung bereits bestehender Lösunge
n im Frontend-Umfeld sowie 2nd Level Support Architektur und Design von Schnittstellen zu Backend-Services in enger Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Backend
-Architekten Requirements-Engineering, technisches Design und Entwicklung neuer Features Testerweiterung und Qualitätssicherung durch automatisiertes 
Testen Einbringung von Ideen bei neuen Lösungen und Evaluierung von neuen Technologien Zusammenarbeit im Team bei Komplettlösungen und Themen wie IoT,
 Automation, Machine Learning Konsequente Anwendung der Vorgaben des SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Qualitätsplans  Dein Profil Du zeichnest D
ich sowohl als Spezialist als auch Generalist aus, wenn es um Frontend-Technologien und Fullstack-Development geht. Du verfügst über gute Kenntnisse d
er browser- und plattformübergreifenden Frontend-Entwicklung mit state-of-the-art-Technologien. Zudem bringst Du eine kreative, innovative, kundenorie
ntierte Denk- und Handlungsweise mit.  Berufsausbildung oder Studium im Informatikbereich (HF, FH, Universität) Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der Umsetzung
 von Frontend-Applikationen Gute Kenntnisse in JavaScript, HTML und CSS sowie Erfahrung im Design und der Modellierung von REST APIs Erfahrung mit SQL
 Datenbanken, Java, VueJS, Web Components, Docker und Cloud Plattformen von Vorteil Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in der deutschen und englische
n Sprache  Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Körber Am Körber-Standort in Grabs entwickeln wir seit über 40 Jahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovativ
e Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Dividella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die
 technologische Kreativität unserer modularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen. Deine Vorteile  Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben 
in einem modernen technischen Umfeld, die «Techniker-Herzen»  höher schlagen lässt  Flexible Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von
 Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner Weiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmenevents, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.  Bist Du bereit in di
e spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt einzutauchen? Dann bewirb Dich jetzt! Recruitment-Team Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E
-Mail schreiben kontaktieren. Wir arbeiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder T
elefon abzusehen. Bitte sende uns Deine Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerberportal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu. Recruiter: Angela Rutz 
Job Req ID: 4653 Wir wertschätzen Vielfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabhängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herk
unft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behinderung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Identität. Bei technischen Problemen kontaktieren Sie uns bitte un
ter der angegebenen Rufnummer. Körber Pharma ist ein Geschäftsfeld des internationalen Technologiekonzerns Körber, der weltweit rund 12.000 Mitarbeite
r an mehr als 100 Standorten beschäftigt. Das Körber-Geschäftsfeld Pharma bietet ein einzigartiges Portfolio aus integrierten Lösungen, die entlang de
r gesamten Pharma-Wertschöpfungskette den entscheidenden Unterschied machen. Ausgehend von der fundierten Erfahrung in den Bereichen Beratung, Inspekt
ion, Transportsysteme und Verpackungsmaschinen und -materialien, liefert Körber das richtige Portfolio für Kunden, um ihre Produktivitäts- und Geschäf
tspotenziale zu entfalten. Mit ausgewiesenem Verständnis für die Herausforderungen von Pharmaprozessen und -regulierung, agiert Körber als Partner, de
r für Kunden das Beste aus ihrer Pharma- und Biotech-Produktion herausholt.KontaktKörber Pharma Packaging AG(0)10 Jobshttps://jobs.koerber.com/pharma/
lp/Koerber%20Pharma%20Grabs/5829eb9d2f6e0177/?locale=de_DEBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Developer Backend (m/w/d)Körber Pharma Packaging AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
GrabsSoftware Developer Backend (m/w/d)Software Developer Backend (m/w/d) Grabs, CH Software Developer Backend (m/w/d) Mit modernster Technologie und 
innovativem Design produzieren wir High-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinen und entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharmabranche, wie den Line Optimizer. Es e
rwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue Wege und Optimierungen des digitalen Sh
opfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt. Deine Rolle in unserem Team  Entwurf, Optimierung und Implementierung komplexer Backend-System
e, Architekturen und Schnittstellen (REST-API’s) Requirements Engineering, technisches Design und Entwicklung neuer Features Fehlerbehebung und zeitna
he Lösung komplexer technischer Probleme im Kundensupport Zusammenarbeit mit DevOps-Teams, um die reibungslose Bereitstellung von Software-Releases zu
 gewährleisten Durchführung von Code Reviews Einbringen eigener Ideen im Produktinnovationsprozess Mitarbeit an Gesamtlösungen und Themen wie IoT, Aut
omation, Machine Learning Konsequente Anwendung der Vorgaben des SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Qualitätsplans  Dein Profil Wir suchen einen v
erantwortungsbewussten Teamplayer, der sich für die Entwicklung komplexer Anwendungslösungen im Softwareumfeld begeistert. Du bist kreativ, innovativ 
und motiviert neue Herausforderungen anzunehmen und voranzutreiben.  Berufsausbildung oder Studium im Bereich Informatik (HF, FH, Universität) Sehr gu
te Kenntnisse in Java und SQL Datenbanken Kenntnisse in Python, Git, IntelliJ, Jira, Enterprise Architect, JavaScript und VueJS von Vorteil Erfahrung 
mit Kommunikationsprotokollen im Maschinenbau (OPC-UA) von Vorteil Versiert im Umgang mit agilen Methoden und in der Implementierung von funktionsmodu
larer Software Kenntnisse der Pharmarichtlinie GAMP5 von Vorteil Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeit in Deutsch und Englisch  Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Kör
ber Am Körber-Standort in Grabs entwickeln wir seit über 40 Jahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovative Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Di
vidella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die technologische Kreativität unserer m
odularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen. Deine Vorteile  Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben in einem modernen technischen Umfeld,
 die «Techniker-Herzen»  höher schlagen lässt  Flexible Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner W
eiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmenevents, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.  Bist Du bereit in die spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt ei
nzutauchen? Dann bewirb Dich jetzt! Recruitment-Team Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E-Mail schreiben kontaktieren. Wir arb
eiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder Telefon abzusehen. Bitte sende uns Dei
ne Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerberportal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu. Recruiter: Angela Rutz Job Req ID: 4654 Wir wertschätzen Vie
lfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabhängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herkunft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behin
derung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Identität. Bei technischen Problemen kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter der angegebenen Rufnummer. Körber
 Pharma ist ein Geschäftsfeld des internationalen Technologiekonzerns Körber, der weltweit rund 12.000 Mitarbeiter an mehr als 100 Standorten beschäft
igt. Das Körber-Geschäftsfeld Pharma bietet ein einzigartiges Portfolio aus integrierten Lösungen, die entlang der gesamten Pharma-Wertschöpfungskette
 den entscheidenden Unterschied machen. Ausgehend von der fundierten Erfahrung in den Bereichen Beratung, Inspektion, Transportsysteme und Verpackungs
maschinen und -materialien, liefert Körber das richtige Portfolio für Kunden, um ihre Produktivitäts- und Geschäftspotenziale zu entfalten. Mit ausgew
iesenem Verständnis für die Herausforderungen von Pharmaprozessen und -regulierung, agiert Körber als Partner, der für Kunden das Beste aus ihrer Phar
ma- und Biotech-Produktion herausholt.KontaktKörber Pharma Packaging AG(0)10 Jobshttps://jobs.koerber.com/pharma/lp/Koerber%20Pharma%20Grabs/5829eb9d2
f6e0177/?locale=de_DEBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Test Automation EngineerCoca-Cola HBC Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SwitzerlandT
est Automation Engineer    Department:  Group Digital PMO    Location:  Location free within Coca-Cola Hellenic countries    ABOUT YOUR NEW JOB:      
You will be part of our Digital & Technology Platforms  Central Function, meeting point where technology, platforms and processes are blended to creat
e competitive advantage for our company – C oca- C ola  HBC. At Digital & Technology Platforms we are an international team of IT, Digital & Technolog
y professionals, having 21 nationalities. We strive to be a strategic business partner, accelerating value creation and cost optimization, and sustain
ing Coca-Cola HBC as a supplier of choice through the fast delivery of simple, innovative and cost-effective solutions and services. As Test Automatio
n Engineer you will plan and drive testing activities across all stages and iterations of product, systems and service development. You will have an o
pportunity to adopt and adapt appropriate testing methods, automated tools and technique to solve problems in tools and testing on a Group level.     
 YOUR NEW KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:     Developing scalable and reliable automated tests and frameworks Closely collaborating with Senior Devs, Product ma
nagers, SCRUM      Masters and Architects to determine the appropriate test automation level      and quality required Planning, designing, managing, 
executing and reporting of tests Creates test data, writing and executing of automated test      cases/scripts. Contribute to product/project review m
eetings. Support Quality      Assurance Management in determining status. Design and develop Integration tests and contribute to the creation      of 
E2E test suites automated, assembling functional automation tests built      by teammates. Integrating Automated Tests in CI/CD Toolchains (e.g. Jenki
ns,      Bamboo, Azure Pipelines) Build and execute negative testing/chaos testing to ensure that      systems meet requirements for fault tolerance. 
Managing risks associated with testing and taking preventative      action when needed: Assess risk / problem areas, suggesting and reviewing      cor
rective actions, directing/planning necessary extra work, and rework      and re-plan activities. Adopting and adapting testing methods using predicti
ve (plan-driven)      approaches or adaptive (iterative/agile) approaches for testing Engineering, using and maintaining test automation tools to meas
ure      and improve the quality of the software being tested Improving productivity through automation, tools and best practices Create Standards, Pr
ocedures, Processes, and Best practices as      related to Test Automation, Testing & Quality Assurance     ARE THESE YOUR SECRET INGREDIENTS?   Bache
lor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and      at least 5 years of development experience Proven experience with Automation Framew
ork tools like Playwright,      Selenium, Appium and\or Automation Tool as UFT1, Tosca Tricentis Proven experience with Performance testing tools like
 JMeter and\or      Azure Test Load and others is a Plus Demonstrated successfully planned, design + accomplished tests in a      multi-vendor and int
ernational environment leveraging different test      automation platforms Experience with eCommerce Platforms such as SAP Hybris/SAP Commerce      Cl
oud, Salesforce Commerce Cloud, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Magento, and      others will be considered as strong advantage DevOps and CI/CD toolset, proc
esses a must Experience with Agile work management tools such as Azure DevOps,      Jira, Confluence, and others is a Plus Experience working in an Ag
ile Software Development Life Cycle      (SDCL) environment a plus Experience with artificial intelligence (AI) for enhancing      automation, includi
ng AI-driven test script generation, NLP techniques,      intelligent test case selection, and advanced test result analysis, as      well as knowledg
e of Microsoft AI products for extended automation      capabilities, will be considered as strong advantage.       ABOUT YOUR NEW TEAM:  We are a fam
ily of 33 thousand engaged people. Each and every one of us is the secret ingredient of Coca-Cola HBC – one of the world’s largest bottlers and partne
r of The Coca-Cola Company. Our every day mission is to delight over 715 million consumers by offering a choice of over 100 iconic global and favorite
 local brands in the moments that matter, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We are a truly empowered and talented team that drives superior results by wi
nning and learning every day in 29 countries, across 3 continents. Our success comes from us working together as one to make a positive difference for
 the local communities we serve.    AT COCA-COLA HBC, DIVERSITY HELPS US THRIVE  Including and celebrating different people and opinions is embedded i
n our growth story. We are committed to fostering diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve, and to creating an inclusive environment where 
everyone’s unique perspectives are valued and heard. By constantly building a diverse and inclusive workplace, we enrich our decision-making and provi
de ever more innovative solutions and shared value. KontaktCoca-Cola HBC Schweiz AG(15)53 Jobshttps://ch.coca-colahellenic.com/deBewerbenJob merkenDie
sen Job melden


Internship: AI in monitoring and quality platformsBanque Lombard Odier & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:GenfInternship: AI in monitoring and quality platforms  Wer sich für eine Karriere bei Lombard Odier entscheidet, ist für einen ren
ommierten, globalen Vermögensverwalter und Asset Manager tätig, der sich auf nachhaltige Investitionen fokussiert. Wir sind eine unabhängige und innov
ative Bank erster Wahl für private und institutionelle Kunden. Unsere Gruppe ist eine der bestkapitalisierten weltweit. Wir verwalten rund CHF 300 Mil
liarden und sind auf vier Kontinenten von über 25 Niederlassungen aus tätig.     Mit unserer über 225-jährigen Geschichte sind wir ein Investmenthaus 
mit umfassendem Angebot an diskretionärer und beratender Portfolioverwaltung sowie Finanzdienstleistungen. Unsere hochmoderne Technologie-Plattform ve
rmarkten wir auch erfolgreich an andere Finanzinstitute. Über Lombard Odier Investment Managers bieten wir Vermögensverwaltungsdienstleistungen und An
lagestrategien an.       "Rethink Everything" ist unsere Philosophie – sie steht im Zentrum unseres Handelns. Wir sind durch mehr als 40 Finanzkrisen 
stärker geworden, indem wir die Welt um uns herum ständig neu gedacht haben. So bieten wir unseren Kundinnen und Kunden stets neue Anlageperspektiven.
       Internship: AI in monitoring and quality platforms    The Content & Communications team is responsible for producing and sending all communicat
ions to the bank's clients, including its portfolio valuations. The mass production of these communications requires automatic checks and extensive ri
gorous testing.    YOUR MISSION:  This internship offer consists of automating human controls and tasks, especially with AI, on production and test sy
stems:  Upgrading the monitoring platform of all applications in production sending customer communications, including the study and specification of 
relevant metrics with Business Analysts and the Operational Team. In particular: Definition of SLAs and thresholds for triggering alerts Discover / Im
plement AI services with the help of Data Scientists Implementation of metrics collection in Java / Springboot applications Development of Grafana Das
hboards   Design and development of automatic test benches. In particular: Study of automatic testing tools for Angular applications Implementation of
 E2E tests and increase of code coverage rate Development of a light user interface for E2E tests in Java Referencing test cases and the coverage rate
 for each test campaign   Implementation/Interaction with AI services (Artificial Intelligence services to clusterize/categorize detected issues).    
 DESIRED PROFILE:   Bachelor degree or higher Knowledgeable in Elasticsearch, Java, Angular, Python, Prometheus, Grafana, Docker, OpenShift, JavaScrip
t, HTML Ability to take ownership of tasks from the beginning through to conclusion Meticulous, proactive and able to multi-task Fluent in French or E
nglish Resident in Switzerland or willing to relocate to Switzerland    ref : ghm      Fünf Werte definieren die DNA unseres Hauses. Exzellenz motivie
rt uns, die Besten unseres Gebiets zu sein, und Innovation ermöglicht unseren Fortschritt. Respekt ist das Fundament unserer Interaktionen, und Integr
ität leitet unser Handeln. Gemeinsam sind wir ein Team, das sich mit leidenschaftlichem Engagement in den Dienst unserer Kundinnen und Kunden stellt. 
    Should you recognise yourself in this mission statement, we would be happy to receive your application. It will be handled in the strictest confid
ence. KontaktBanque Lombard Odier & Cie SA(0)35 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Smart MachineSyntegon Packaging Systems AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Beringen
Praktikum Smart Machine    Unternehmensbeschreibung    Wir sind bereit Neues zu wagen. Bist du es auch?   Syntegon Technology ist ein weltweit führend
er Anbieter von Prozess- und Verpackungstechnik. Rund 5.800 Kolleg:innen in mehr als 15 Ländern arbeiten für die Syntegon-Gruppe an intelligenten und 
nachhaltigen Technologien für die Pharma- und Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Die Syntegon Packaging Systems AG in Beringen (SH) ist ein Unternehmender Synt
egon-Gruppe und führend im Bereich der Herstellung von Verpackungsmaschinen und Handlingsystemen. Mit rund 700 Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeitern reali
sieren wir innovative, kundenspezifische Verpackungslösungen im Hochleistungsbereich für die Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Gehe den ersten Schritt! Bewirb
 dich jetzt!Schnell, bequem und ohne langes Anschreiben! Lade nur deinen CV hoch und beantworte zwei kurze Motivationsfragen.      Stellenbeschreibung
    • Neues entstehen lassen Du erstellst Web-Frontend zur Anzeige von Prozesswerten (Angular o.Ä). Auch kleinere Backends zur Datenverwaltung sind ne
u zu konzipieren (Python). • Die Nutzerfreundlichkeit mitgestalten und sichern Du stellst in Zusammenarbeit mit dem UX Team eine intuitive Bedienung s
icher. • Zuverlässig umsetzen Du entwickelst und testest Lösung mit mobilen Endgeräten. • Daten verstehen und vorbereiten Du analysierst Daten aus Dat
enbanken und erstellst Berichte über Datenqualität oder verbesserst Aufzeichnungsmethoden. Nach dem Klassifizieren der Daten können unterschiedliche L
ernverfahren exploriert werden.      Qualifikationen    • Ausbildung Du befindest dich im Master, bzw. Bachelorstudium der Informatik, Statistik oder 
einem vergleichbaren Studiengang. • Erfahrungen und Know-How Du hast bereits erste Erfahrungen im Umgang mit Machine Learning und Webprorammierung ges
ammelt. Du hast Erfahrungen im Umgang mit MS Office. Programmiererfahrung in WebApplikationen ist von Vorteil. Du hast sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in D
eutsch und gute Sprachkenntnisse in Englisch. • Persönlichkeit und Arbeitsweise Du hast eine strukturierte und selbständige Arbeitsweise.     Zusätzli
che Informationen    Beginn: ab sofort / nach Vereinbarung Dauer:6Monate Pensum:100%  Benefits   Bei uns erwarten dich flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle für
 eine ausgewogene Work-Life-Balance - Du gestaltest deinen Arbeitsalltag in einer 40-Stunden-Woche. Freue dich auf eine erstklassige Verpflegung in un
serem Restaurant mit vielfältiger Auswahl an gesunden Ernährungsangeboten.Events wie Raclette- oder Fonduetage bieten eine entspannte Atmosphäre zum A
ustausch mit deinen Kollegen. Als Teil von Syntegon kannst du von spannenden Rabatten und Aktionen im Rahmen unseres Corporate Benefit Programms profi
tieren. Dazu gehören«Brand for Employees», Flottenrabatten, subventioniertes Fitnessabo etc..   Kontakt Filiz SözenTel: +41 58 674 7690   Bei Syntegon
 am Standort Beringen sind wir über alle Hierarchiestufen hinweg per du. Aus diesem Grund führen wir auch den Rekrutierungsprozess in der DU-Form. Ger
ne kannst du uns in deinen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit unseren Vornamen ansprechen. Syntegon ist ein globalagierendesUnternehmen,dem Vielfalt ein wichtig
es Anliegen ist. Wir begrüßen ausdrücklich ein Umfeld, in dem alle Mitarbeiter:innenungeachtet des Geschlechts, Alters, der Herkunft, der Religion, se
xueller Orientierung, geschlechtlicher Identität sowie besonderer Bedürfnisse gleichwertig sind. Sofern in dieser Stellenanzeige ausschließlich die mä
nnliche Form verwendet wird, dient dies einer besseren Lesbarkeit und bezieht sich auf Personen jeglichen Geschlechts.  Falls Sie als unbeauftragter P
ersonalvermittler/-dienstleister Kandidat:innen auf SmartRecruiters hochladen bzw. empfehlen, gelten unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (AGB) für
 Personaldienstleister. Diese sind unter folgendem Link abrufbar. Mit dem Klick auf «Jetzt Bewerben» oder«Jemanden empfehlen» stimmen Sie unseren AGB 
ausdrücklich zu. KontaktSyntegon Packaging Systems AG(1)30 Jobshttps://www.syntegon.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2013_Ph.D. in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health - SUPSIScuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröf
fentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lugano2013_Ph.D. in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health - SUPSI2013_DTI / Ph.D.
 in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health Scadenza: 30 giugno 2024 La Scuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI), mette a co
ncorso una posizione di Dottorando in Salute di Precisione Abilitata dall’IA presso il nuovo Istituto di tecnologie digitali per cure sanitarie person
alizzate (MeDiTech) del Dipartimento tecnologie innovative (DTI) con sede a Lugano. Grado d’occupazione a tempo pieno (100%). Entrata in funzione il 1
° settembre 2024 o data precedente da convenire. Ambito e scopo della posizioneLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed sit amet i
psum odio. Donec at libero a metus rhoncus scelerisque. Nunc quis tristique elit. Nullam auctor vel risus vehicula pulvinar. Sed pellentesque felis ne
que, maximus sodales ipsum placerat sed. Proin dignissim orci in cursus rhoncus. Nunc egestas libero purus, accumsan consectetur orci consequat vel. P
ellentesque eu pellentesque dolor. Responsabilità e attività  Attività di ricerca applicata nel campo delle applicazioni di salute di precisione abili
tate dall'IA, utilizzando vari algoritmi per consentire il riutilizzo dei dati sanitari esistenti e di altri dati sanitari a supporto della ricerca cl
inica e dell'assistenza clinica. Applicazioni di IA responsabile di algoritmi di apprendimento automatico superficiale e profondo in ambito sanitario.
 Scrivere articoli scientifici per riviste e atti di conferenze, documenti di progetto e relazioni interne. Presentare i risultati della ricerca a un 
vasto pubblico, tra cui conferenze, workshop e riunioni di revisione dei progetti. Partecipare all'insegnamento e al tutoraggio degli studenti.  Requi
sitiEssenziali  Laurea magistrale in informatica, scienza dei dati, informatica medica, ingegneria del software o campi correlati, già conseguita o in
 fase di completamento. Esperienza nell'apprendimento automatico superficiale e profondo. Forte motivazione e impegno nella ricerca e nella pubblicazi
one in conferenze e riviste di alto livello. Forti capacità di programmazione, con familiarità con Python (o Java). Conoscenza dell'inglese scritto e 
parlato. Buone capacità organizzative, capacità di lavorare in modo indipendente e proattivo. Capacità di lavorare in gruppo e con i colleghi e gli al
tri membri dell'Istituto e di impegnarsi nel dialogo scientifico. Interesse per l'insegnamento e il tutoraggio degli studenti. Esperienza con applicaz
ioni di elaborazione del linguaggio naturale (NLP). Esperienza in progetti che prevedono lo sviluppo, l'implementazione e la valutazione di software P
ython e/o Java in un ambiente biomedico (in particolare sanitario/clinico). Conoscenza di framework di deep learning come PyTorch e spaCy. La conoscen
za pratica della lingua italiana è preferibile, ma non necessaria.  Offriamo  Un contratto a tempo determinato Stipendio interessante, in linea con gl
i standard svizzeri e con l'esperienza del candidato. Un ambiente di lavoro internazionale. Partecipazione a conferenze, workshop e scuole di alto pro
filo.  In tutte le sue azioni, la SUPSI garantisce un ambiente di studio e di lavoro inclusivo, accessibile e rispettoso di tutte le differenze, per o
ffrire a tutti una formazione universitaria di qualità. Per saperne di più su diversità e inclusione. Informazioni per la candidaturaI requisiti per q
uesta funzione sono pubblicati nelle “Direttive interne SUPSI” e nel “Regolamento del personale SUPSI” disponibili nella pagina “Documenti ufficiali”.
 Informazioni supplementari possono essere richieste a: Prof. Stéphane Meystre (Direttore MeDiTech) Documenti da allegare alla candidatura:  Lettera d
i motivazione che includa anche una breve descrizione dell’esperienza di ricerca passata e dei futuri interessi di ricerca (1-2 pagine) Curriculum vit
ae con elenco delle pubblicazioni (se presenti) e un link alla tesi di Master Elenco dei corsi e dei voti delle lauree triennali e magistrali (trascri
zione dei documenti) Elenco di (almeno) due referenze (con indirizzo e-mail) Copia del documento di identità Estratto casellario giudiziale con validi
tà sei mesi. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism Design 100%, Zuri
ch, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a difference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us a
t the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of clinical and research scientists is dedicated to improving heal
thcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop decision support systems in rehabilitation in many health condi
tions. This position is open for a postdoctoral researcher in the field of generative design for exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a no
vel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the design to the desired assistance. Apart from actively shapin
g our group's research, the positions include international collaboration with partners in Switzerland with academia, clinics and industry, mentoring 
MSc, and PhD students. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful researcher. The positi
on is fully funded for 2 years. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (or shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage adv
anced machine learning to develop an automated design process of mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations emb
edded in the generative mechanism design process. In this project, we will work in working in structural, topological and morphological design automat
ion for individuals with pathological gait. You will be the team lead in developing a new design process and additive manufacturing based on simulatio
ns of individual walking patterns. As a team member, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative techn
ologies for patient usage, and developing standardization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team 
at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil and an industrial in our shared project. Job description This postdoctoral position would focus on stu
dying shape parametrization, learning gait optimization functions for mechanism design and using different machine learning embeddings (such as GANS, 
VAEs, and Diffusion Models) for developing a new full pipeline in design. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for inn
ovation, we want to hear from you. In general, postdoctoral researchers at ETH Zurich have a full-time employment. A part-time employment may only be 
considered in exceptional cases (e.g. child- or familycare, other projects or employment). Your profile You have outstanding experience in Machine Lea
rning with a PhD degree from a university in Computer Science, or related fields, with a proven track record in machine learning, deep learning, and t
opological optimization.  Highly motivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance Strong analytical, mathematical, and algorithmic capabilities
 Understanding and experience in human modelling and simulation Proficiency in mathematical optimization (e.g. multiobjective GA) Confirmed records on
 the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI (preferred) Proven track record in deploying machine learning models into 
production (preferred) Proficiency in programming in Python (preferred) Proven record of leading interdisciplinary projects (desirable) Adaptable and 
flexible to the continuous changes associated with research demands Passion for design and assistive devices  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Y
ou will join a team of clinical and research scientists in the task of improving healthcare systems through physiological and clinical data systems de
sign and analysis. We offer a full-time research position funded with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Working location would be
 arranged between Zurich, Bern and Nottwil with flexibility for some remote work possible. Flexibility to travel is expected within Switzerland. We va
lue diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of int
erests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of
 your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and contact information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will b
e revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitt
ed to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applic
ation in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject li
ne: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and cont
act information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via
 email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will be revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be fou
nd on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Züric
h(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab sofortErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 Apr
il 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8005 Zurich(Senior) Consultant - Technology Risk Consulting / EMEIA Financial Services in Zürich ab
 sofort  Die Welt verändert sich stärker und schneller denn je. Unser globales Versprechen: „Building a better working world“ leitet dabei unsere mehr
 als 300‘000 Mitarbeiter und Mitarbeiterinnen rund um den Globus und stellt die Basis für die Arbeit die wir jeden Tag leisten. Mit unseren innovative
n Dienstleistungen in der Wirtschaftsprüfung, Steuerberatung sowie in der Transaktions- und Managementberatung führen wir unsere Mandanten in die Zuku
nft.     Unser Beratungsgeschäft bietet ein breites Spektrum an funktionalen und länderübergreifenden Dienstleistungen, die darauf abzielen, unseren K
unden eine hochwertige und vertrauenswürdige Beratung zu bieten. Unsere Finanzdienstleistungsorganisation (FSO) ist das Einzige der Big-4-Unternehmen 
mit einer funktionalen und internationalen Spezialisierung auf den Finanzdienstleistungssektor. Auf diese Weise bieten wir unseren Kunden auf der ganz
en Welt nahtlose, konsistente und hochwertige Dienstleistungen.        Die Chance   Arbeite mit an spannenden Technology Risk -Projekten mit Führungsa
ufgaben bei einigen der grössten Schweizer Banken, Vermögensverwaltungen und Versicherungsgesellschaften Gewinne Einblicke in hochmoderne IT-Umgebunge
n und unsere etablierte Vorgehensweisen auf Basis globaler Methoden Lerne an vorderster Front das "Thought Leadership" als Antwort auf den heutigen si
ch wandelnden Markt kennen, den stetig wachsenden regulatorischen Anforderungen und den neuen digitalen Herausforderungen Erweitere Dein Fachwissen mi
t jedem Projekt an der Seite unserer Partner und betreue weniger erfahrene Berater Du hast die Möglichkeit, mit Menschen aus ganz Europa und der ganze
n Welt zusammenzuarbeiten     Deine wichtigsten Aufgaben   Dein Schwerpunkt liegt in der Technology Risk-Beratung, Informationssicherheit und IT Risk 
Management bei Banken, Vermögensverwalter und Versicherungen Du arbeitest an Projekten zu aktuellen Themen wie Digitale Resilienz, Cloud Risk Manageme
nt, Third Party Management, Data Management, Transformation sowie Artificial Intelligence Darüber hinaus übernimmst Du Aufgaben in den Bereichen Techn
ology Risk Assurance im Sinne von internen Kontrollen sowie Risiko- und Compliance-Management Als Senior Consultant trägst du massgeblich zur erfolgre
ichen Planung, Durchführung und Abschluss von komplexen Projekten mit unterschiedlichen internen und externen Stakeholdern bei Du entwickelst unsere B
eratungsdienstleistungen weiter und trägst dadurch massgeblich zur strategischen Weiterentwicklung des Teams bei Du bearbeitest den Markt aktiv und un
terstützt in der Akquise von Beratungsmandate sowie revisionsnahe Zusatzdienstleistungen für unsere Finanzdienstleistungs- und Versicherungskunden   F
ertigkeiten und Eigenschaften für den Erfolg   Das bringst Du mit:   Bachelor- oder Masterabschluss in BWL oder (Wirtschafts-) Informatik setzen wir v
oraus, einschlägige Zertifizierungen (beispielsweise CISA, CRISC, etc.) runden Dein Profil ab Erste Erfahrungen (min. 3 Jahre für Senior Consultant) i
n den Bereichen von Technology Risk wie IT Risk, Governance und Compliance, Digitale und Cyber Resilienz, Cloud Risk Management, Transformation Risk, 
Artificial Intelligence Risk oder Ähnliche Grundlegende Kenntnisse im Bereich Technology Risk. Erfahrungen mit relevanten Sicherheitsstandards und Fra
meworks (z.B. ISO 27001, COBIT, ITIL, NIST, etc.) sind ein Plus Ein Muss: Leidenschaft für Beratungs- und Technology Risk -Themen sowie unternehmerisc
hes Handeln Erfolgsgaranten, die Dich bei uns weiterbringen: Teamfähigkeit, Zielstrebigkeit, Einsatzbereitschaft und eine schnelle Auffassungsgabe  Al
s internationales Unternehmen setzen wir Deutsch und Englisch (fliessend) voraus     Was wir suchen  Bist Du genau so ambitioniert wie wir? Als Mitgli
ed unserer high-performing Teams entwickelst Du die Tech-Skills und das richtige Mindset, um die Führungspersönlichkeit zu werden, die Du sein möchtes
t – die Führungspersönlichkeit, die die Welt braucht. Nutze unsere Reichweite, unsere Technik, unsere Teams und unsere Firmenkultur, um Dein Potenzial
 auszuschöpfen und die Welt zu verändern. Lerne von den Besten, umgib Dich mit den hellsten Köpfen und stelle bessere Fragen, um noch bessere Antworte
n zu erhalten. Die einzigartigen Erfahrungen, die Du bei EY sammelst, werden Dich Dein Leben lang begleiten. Es liegt in Deiner Hand - It’s yours to b
uild.     Das bieten wir:   Ein internationales, multikulturelles Team von hoch motivierten Fachleuten Breites und etabliertes Kundenportfolio nationa
l und international Eine Kultur, die Vielfalt und kontinuierliches Lernen fördert Ein innovatives und dynamisches Umfeld, dass Dir durch den Austausch
 von Wissen, Flexibilität und Anerkennung ständig neue Türen öffnet Eine offene und kooperative Arbeitskultur, die auf Ehrlichkeit, Integrität und geg
enseitigem Respekt beruht Zahlreiche Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten und Online-Kurse zur Verbesserung Deiner Kenntnisse und Fähigkeiten in technischen un
d nichttechnischen Bereichen Während Deinem Arbeitsverhältnis hast Du bei uns die Möglichkeit, kostenlos einen akkreditierten, firmeneigenen und koste
nlosen MBA (EY Tech MBA) der Hult International Business School zu erwerben*    Haben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Denkst Du, dass Du die oben genannte
n Kriterien erfüllst? Möchtest Du Deine Karriere vorantreiben und eine einzigartige Kultur kennenlernen? Dann bewerbe Dich jetzt bei uns und mache den
 nächsten Schritt! Bewerbe Dich online für Deine neue Herausforderung.Ref. Nr.: 4985. Für weitere Informationen kontaktiere bitte unser Recruitment Te
am (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com/ +41 58 286 33 66).    The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobsh
ttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Infrastruktur System Engineer (m/w/d)Global IT AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:NeerachInfras
truktur System Engineer (m/w/d)Lust auf was Neues?Als dynamisches IT-Systemhaus mit Sitz im Kanton Zürich und Bern, bieten wir Klein-, Mittel- und Gro
ßunternehmen individuelle Dienstleistungen sowie Gesamt-IT-Lösungen für die Bewältigung ihrer Anforderungen der Zukunft an. Viele neue Trends und Inno
vationen wie Big Data, Internet of Things (IoT), Industrie 4.0, Künstliche Intelligenz oder auch Virtualisierung, immer werden bei Projekten nicht nur
 die Produkte, sondern auch die IT-Experten benötigt. Infrastruktur System Engineer (m/w/d) 80-100% BeschreibungPer sofort oder nach Vereinbarung, ein
en dynamischen, motivierten, verantwortungsbewussten und zuverlässigen Mitarbeiter für die Unterstützung in unserem Unternehmen als Infrastruktur Syst
em Engineer. Ihre Aufgaben:   Planung und Umsetzung von IT-Infrastruktur-Projekten   Überwachung und Störungsbehebung von Servern, Storage- und  Backu
psystemen   Teilnahme an Technologieüberwachung, Schulungen und Wissensaustausch   Mitverantwortung in betriebsinternen IT-Bereichen für die Infrastru
ktur   Erarbeitung und Implementierung von IT-Systemarchitekturen in Bezug auf  Sicherheit, Stabilität und Compliance - Sicherstellung von Systemdokum
entationen Ihr Profil:- Eine Ausbildung als Informatiker, IT Systemtechniker oder höhere Ausbildung HF/FH   Vielseitigkeit, Lernbereitschaft   Jahrela
nge HPE Erfahrung   Erfahrung in Infrastruktur Lösungen   Gute Office Kenntnisse   Gute Deutschkenntnisse mündlich und schriftlich, gute Englischkennt
nisse in Wort und Schrift, Französisch von Vorteil   Sie sind teamfähig, kundenorientiert, kommunikationsstark und wirtschaftliches  Denken und Handel
n ist Ihnen wichtig  Es erwartet Sie eine spannende, abwechslungsreiche und verantwortungsvolle Tätigkeit in einem dynamischen Team. Zudem bieten wir 
moderne und flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle, 5 Wochen Ferien, sowie gute Sozialleistungen. Senden Sie diese bitte Ihr vollständiges Bewerbungsdossier an: 
E-Mail schreiben GLOBAL IT AG  +41 44 859 10 10Zürcherstrasse 17, 8173 Neerach E-Mail schreiben Stauffacherstrasse 65, Geb. 15, 3014 Bern www.global-i
t.ch 1 / 1KontaktGlobal IT AG(0)3 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation (SMI)ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festa
nstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation (SMI)PhD Position at the Chair of Strategic Management and 
Innovation (SMI) 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Chair of Strategic Management and Innovation at ETH Zurich's Department of Management, Technology, and E
conomics, under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Georg von Krogh, invites applications for a PhD position. This position offers a unique opportunity to eng
age in research aimed at addressing contemporary challenges in management and organizational theory. Job description Project and Supervision: The sele
cted PhD candidate will embark on a research project culminating in a dissertation of at least three high-quality papers intended for top-tier journal
s. Co-supervision will be provided by Prof. Georg von Krogh, Dr. Ann-Kristin Weiser, and a team of senior researchers at SMI. Expected starting time: 
Q4 2024. Your profile  A Master’s degree (MSc, MA, or MPhil) in Business Administration or a related field (e.g., Psychology, Sociology, Engineering).
 Note: MBAs are not eligible Demonstrated interest and capability to conduct qualitative research, evidenced by previous work, such as an outstanding 
Master's thesis Experience in field research and strong competencies in business-centric practices and stakeholder management Exceptional English comm
unication skills, both written and spoken A strong desire to contribute to the academic discourse and develop further one’s research skills, alongside
 curiosity, self-direction, and a propensity for teamwork  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Environment and Offerings: The Chair of Strategic Ma
nagement and Innovation provides an inspiring, team-based research environment to support your immersion into an ambitious research agenda. Our team c
onsists of a dynamic and international group of researchers who share a common vision to contribute to top-level academic research in the fields of st
rategic management and innovation. Our research interests include organization and management theory, strategic management, artificial intelligence / 
digitalization, collaborative innovation. The research team has an excellent track record of publishing in leading journals within the field, includin
g The Academy of Management Journal, Organization Science, Strategic Management Journal, and Harvard Business Review. We also have a strong internatio
nal network of collaborators. Compensation: We offer a competitive salary. For employment details at ETH Zurich, visit ETH Zurich Employment Informati
on. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Submit your application online by 31.05. 2024, including:  A motivation letter Curriculum Vitae Academic tr
anscripts and diplomas Master thesis and/or research papers At least one reference letter  Application Procedure: Only applications through our online
 portal can be considered. For assistance, contact E-Mail schreiben. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online 
application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Learn More: For additional details, visit our website. Potential
 inquiries regarding the position should be directed to Ms. Ingrid Lienhard via email E-Mail schreiben or phone +41 44 632 83 32. About ETH Zürich Cur
ious? So are we. Submit your application online by 31.05. 2024, including:  A motivation letter Curriculum Vitae Academic transcripts and diplomas Mas
ter thesis and/or research papers At least one reference letter  Application Procedure: Only applications through our online portal can be considered.
 For assistance, contact E-Mail schreiben. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applic
ations via email or postal services will not be considered. Learn More: For additional details, visit our website. Potential inquiries regarding the p
osition should be directed to Ms. Ingrid Lienhard via email E-Mail schreiben or phone +41 44 632 83 32.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Ingénieur MicrosoftTalan SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneIngénieur MicrosoftIngénie
ur Microsoft  Full-time Contract Type: Permanent contract  Company Description Talan est un cabinet de conseil en innovation et transformation par la 
technologie. Depuis plus de 20 ans, Talan conseille les entreprises et les administrations, les accompagne et met en œuvre leurs projets de transforma
tion et d’innovation en France et à l’international. Présent dans 21 pays, le Groupe met l’innovation au cœur de son développement et intervient dans 
les domaines liés aux mutations technologiques des grands groupes, comme le Big Data, l’IoT, la Blockchain et l’Intelligence Artificielle. Pour la 9èm
e année consécutive, Talan est lauréat du palmarès des entreprises françaises où il fait bon travailler. Présent à Genève et à Lausanne Talan Suisse c
ompte aujourd’hui près de150 collaborateurs. Initialement investi dans le secteur financier, Talan s’est développé ces dernières années dans les secte
urs de l’horlogerie, des assurances, des médias et des services et de l'énérgie. Job Description Vos responsabilités principales seront de concevoir, 
développer, entretenir et optimiser les solutions Microsoft mais aussi de répondre aux tâches suivantes:  Offrir un support technique de niveaux 2 et 
3 pour Microsoft 365 et résoudre rapidement les problèmes, en collaborant avec d'autres équipes informatiques pour résoudre des problèmes techniques c
omplexes. Élaborer des documents et des guides utilisateur pour faciliter les ressources d'auto-assistance pour les collègues de niveau 1 en support. 
Enquêter sur les problèmes de communication et de collaboration (appels internes et externes, messagerie, visioconférence, événements en direct, etc.)
. Configurer et optimiser les paramètres de Microsoft Teams pour répondre aux besoins de l'entreprise. Surveiller et ajuster les systèmes pour optimis
er les performances. Assurer la conformité aux politiques de sécurité et aux réglementations de l'industrie pour les systèmes de collaboration et mett
re en œuvre les meilleures pratiques de sécurité pour protéger les données. Collaborer avec des fournisseurs externes et des partenaires pour améliore
r continuellement nos systèmes.  Qualifications  Diplôme de master en informatique, en sciences informatiques ou dans un domaine connexe. Minimum de 3
 ans d'expérience dans Microsoft 365 (Teams, SharePoint en ligne, OneDrive, Power Automate, etc.). Certification technique Microsoft pertinente. Nivea
u d'expertise en script (PowerShell) et en automatisation (Puppet, Rundeck, etc.). Maîtrise de l'anglais et du français avancée est indispensable. Com
pétences analytiques et résolution de problèmes avec une forte mentalité d'équipe et de collaboration, ainsi qu'une excellente communication et une at
titude interpersonnelle. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden

Fachspezialist Machine Learning und Automation Jura-Cement-Fabriken AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse) Arbeitsort:Möriken-WildeggDie Jura-Cement-Fabriken AG ist Teil der JURA Materials-Gruppe, die zum inte
rnationalen Baustoffkonzern CRH gehört. Zu JURA CEMENT zählen die Produktionsbetriebe in Wildegg (AG) und Cornaux (NE). Mit einer Produktionskapazität
 von über 1 Mio. Tonnen Zement sind wir die zweitgrösste Zementherstellerin in der Schweiz. Dank innovativen, nachhaltigen Produktionsverfahren ist Wi
ldegg das modernste und vorbildlichste Zementwerk der Schweiz.Bauen Sie mit uns auf Ihre Zukunft  Bei uns gibt es viel zu tun     Entwickeln und Führe
n von KI- (Machine Learning) und Digitalisierungs-Projekten Programmieren der SPS-Steuerungen (ABB & Siemens) Erarbeiten und Einbringen von Verbesseru
ngsvorschlägen bezüglich Automatisierung Erfahrungsaustausch und Koordination mit KI- und Automations-Spezialisten von CRH Entwicklung und Führung von
 prädiktiven Instandhaltungstools Bei Eignung Weiterentwicklung der technischen IT Infrastruktur inkl. Netzwerksicherheit und Backup-Systeme Unterstüt
zen der Unterhalts- und Optimierungsarbeiten bei der Mess- und Regeltechnik, Dosierwaagen, Frequenz-Umformer sowie Leitsystemen   So mischen Sie bei u
ns mit     Studium als Informatiker, Software- oder Automation-Ingenieur Gute Kenntnisse für Programmierungen, Mess- und Regeltechnik, Operating-Syste
men Kenntnisse im Projektmanagement Deutsch: Gute Kenntnisse, Englisch: Sehr gute fachbezogene Kenntnisse Starker Teamplayer mit strukturierter und se
lbständiger Arbeitsweise Vernetzte und bereichsübergreifende Denk- und Handlungsfähigkeit Bereitschaft für das Engagement in der eigenen Betriebsfeuer
wehr  Ihre Vorteile  Rahmenbedingungen     Mindestens 5 Wochen Ferien 9 bezahlte Feiertage Vermittlungsprämie Grosszügige Dienstaltersgeschenke Gratis
 Parkplätze Gratis Getränke   Sicherheit, Vorsorge und Sozialleistungen     Prämien für NBU und KTG werden von der Firma übernommen Eigene Pensionskas
se mit überobligatorischen Leistungen Gratis Arbeitskleider und -schuhe, inkl. Waschservice   Vergünstigungen     Attraktive Mitarbeitervergünstigunge
n REKA-Geld Treibstoff (Benzin, Diesel) Baumaterial-Produkte Gute Konditionen bei Krankenkassen   Work Life Balance     Teilzeitarbeit möglich, je nac
h Funktion Möglichkeit auf unbezahlten Urlaub Mutterschaftsurlaub (14 Wochen) ohne Lohnkürzung Vaterschaftsurlaub (10 Tage) ohne Lohnkürzung     Unter
stützung bei Weiterbildungen Nachwuchsförderprogramm Stagiaires/Expat   Alles klar?  Wunderbar, dann freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbung! Wenn Sie noch 
Fragen haben, ist Silvia Baumann, HR Manager, unter +41 41 784 38 33 gerne für Sie da. Jura-Cement-Fabriken AGTalstrasse 135103 Wildegg  www.juracemen
t.ch    E-Mail schreiben KontaktJura-Cement-Fabriken AG(0)9 Jobshttps://www.juracement.ch/de/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d) Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Praktik
umSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Grubenstrasse 49, 8045 ZürichWe are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Pr
oduct Management team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribut
e to the development of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate clos
ely with experienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.Zürich
 Swiss Life AG  Das bieten wir     Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and implement machine learn
ing and AI features for our products. Contribute to the development of AI-driven solutions by utilizing data science and machine learning techniques. 
Assist in creating and maintaining advanced Python-based code for product development. Participate in the planning and execution of software developme
nt projects, adhering to agile methodologies. Explore and implement LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases to enhance product capabilities. Wor
k with cross-functional teams to integrate Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services into our product ecosystem. Collaborate in the complete software pro
duct development lifecycle, from ideation to deployment. Contribute to product documentation, training materials, and knowledge sharing within the tea
m   Deine Stärken     Bachelor's degree (or candidate) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field. Experience in data science a
nd machine learning. Solid skills in Python programming. Experience with at least one of the following programming languages: C, C#, C++, Java. Knowle
dge of LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases. Fluent English communication skills, both written and verbal, German is a plus Familiarity with 
Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services Understanding of the agile software product development lifecycle Strong problem-solving skills and ability to 
work effectively in a collaborative team environment   Dein Kontakt  Linda Fackelmayer So bewirbst du dich  Über Swiss Life  We are seeking a dynamic 
and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Management team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique
 opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the development of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of softw
are product management. The intern will collaborate closely with experienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to t
he growth and innovation of our AI-based products.KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ueber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merke
nDiesen Job melden


Collaboratrice ou collaborateur scientifique en science des données (80 %) Eidgenössisches Institut für MetrologieBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVer
öffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:80%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Französisch (Fortgeschritten), Englisch (Fortgeschritten), Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeits
ort:Lindenweg 50, 3003 Bern-WabernCollaboratrice ou collaborateur scientifique en science des données (80 %) Laboratoire Haute fréquence | de suite ou
 pour une date à convenir | poste limité à 3 ans L’Institut fédéral de métrologie METAS développe des unités de référence harmonisées au niveau intern
ational avec l’exactitude requise et, par des étalonnages, les met à la disposition de l’économie, de la recherche et de l’administration suisses. Ces
 activités nécessitent une infrastructure informatique performante et interdisciplinaire, que METAS exploite, entretient et développe à l’interne.  Vo
s nouveaux défis  Appliquer des méthodes basées sur le machine learning et l’intelligence artificielle pour l’évaluation des données de mesure des bat
teries lithium-ion et de l’incertitude de mesure associée Participer à un projet international relatif à la technologie des batteries en collaboration
 avec des partenaires issus de l’industrie et de la recherche Participer à la création d’une bibliothèque logicielle pour la propagation des incertitu
des par des modèles de machine learning  Élaborer et soutenir des projets de recherche et de développement internationaux    Votre profil  Diplôme uni
versitaire en sciences naturelles ou en ingénierie, suivi d’un doctorat ou d’une expérience professionnelle adéquate; connaissances actuelles, théoriq
ues et pratiques, dans le domaine du machine learning ou de l’intelligence artificielle Bonnes connaissances en statistique et en programmation Connai
ssances en gestion de projets et en élaboration de propositions de projets Vif intérêt pour les projets scientifiques et capacité d’analyser des probl
èmes de façon théorique, puis d'effectuer en fonction de ces analyses des études pratiques qui aboutissent à des solutions réalisables Approche axée s
ur les solutions, flexibilité, esprit d’équipe et aptitude à relever aisément de nouveaux défis Maîtrise de l’anglais et connaissance d’une langue off
icielle    Nous vous offrons Une activité exigeante dans un environnement informatique dynamique et autonome, en lien avec l’industrie et la recherche
 et des conditions de travail attrayantes.   Votre candidature Pour de plus amples renseignements, veuillez vous adresser à Dr. Markus Zeier, chef du 
laboratoire Haute fréquence, au +41 58 387 04 91. Nous nous réjouissons de recevoir votre dossier de candidature complet. Nous ne prenons pas en consi
dération les agences de placement pour ce poste. METAS tient compte des divers besoins et des différents parcours de vie de ses collaboratrices et col
laborateurs. Il encourage la diversité et accorde une priorité absolue à l’égalité de traitement.   Votre contact Sandrine SeilerHR Business Partner05
8 387 02 22  KontaktEidgenössisches Institut für Metrologie(1)22 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist mit Schwerpunkt KI Kanton Basel-Stadt PräsidialdepartementBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Basel  60%-100% Präsidialdepartement, Statistisches Amt 01.06.2024 oder nach Vereinbar
ung  Ihre Aufgaben   Data Science: Die Analyse von komplexen Datensätzen gehört ebenso zu deinen Tätigkeiten wie die Bewertung neuer Technologien und 
Methoden im Bereich der Datenwissenschaften und der künstlichen Intelligenz.  Machine Learning & KI: Du entwickelst und implementierst Machine Learnin
g-Modelle zur Analyse großer Datenmengen und leitest die Evaluation, die Installation und das Finetuning von lokal installierten Large Language Models
 (LLM).  Advanced Analytics: Du wendest Methoden der Advanced Analytics auf strukturierte und unstrukturierte Daten an und trägst zur Wissensvermittlu
ng dieser Methoden an die Mitarbeitenden der kantonalen Verwaltung bei.    Ihr Profil   Erfahrung: Data Science ist dein Fachgebiet. Du hast Erfahrung
 in der Analyse von grossen Datenbeständen unter Mithilfe von Elementen der künstlichen Intelligenz sowie der Entwicklung und Implementierung von Mach
ine Learning-Modellen.  Persönlichkeit: Du arbeitest mit Freude in verschiedenen Projekten mit thematisch unterschiedlichen Schwerpunkten. Du erledigs
t deine Aufgaben verantwortungsbewusst und speditiv. Du bist initiativ und kontaktfreudig. Teamarbeit beflügelt dich.  Ausbildung: Du verfügst über ei
n abgeschlossenes Studium mit quantitativem Schwerpunkt auf Masterstufe.  Sprache: Du hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python, R und ähnlicher 
Software.    Einblick in unsere Arbeit  Das Statistische Amt des Kantons Basel-Stadt ist als Teil des Präsidialdepartements zuständig für die Bereitst
ellung von statistischen Informationen. Zu seinem Aufgabenbereich gehört auch die Führung der Fachstelle für offene Behördendaten. Transparent, verläs
slich und mit Leidenschaft für Daten, erstellt das Amt Statistiken zu diversen Themenbereichen: von Gesellschaft über Umwelt bis hin zu Arbeit. Diese 
Statistiken dienen dazu, Basel-Stadt und die kantonalen Angebote auf einer objektiven Basis bewerten und gezielt weiterentwickeln zu können. Darüber h
inaus bietet das Statistische Amt Dienstleistungen im Bereich Data Science und Data Management für andere Dienststellen der kantonalen Verwaltung an. 
Dazu zählen die Entwicklung von fachspezifischen Prognosemodellen ebenso wie die Analyse von verschiedensten Datenbeständen und Aufbereitung der Infor
mationen mittels moderner Visualisierungsformen und Dashboards.     Arbeiten Sie im Herzen von Basel  Unsere zentral gelegenen Standorte sind zu Fuss,
 mit dem Velo und mit den öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln gut erreichbar.  Nutzen Sie Ihre Talente und Ihr Potenzial  Wir unterstützen Ihr berufliches Vo
rankommen mit einer Vielzahl von Weiterbildungs- und Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten über alle Lebensphasen hinweg.  Vereinbaren Sie Ihren Beruf mit Ihrem P
rivatleben  Wir unterstützen Sie dabei bestmöglich mit Gleitzeit, Teilzeit und Homeoffice bis hin zu Jahres- und Vertrauensarbeitszeit sowie Jobsharin
g-Möglichkeiten.   Ihr Kontakt    Fragen zur Funktion   Jonas Eckenfels Stv. Leiter Statistisches Amt Tel. +41 61 267 87 48     Fragen zu Ihrer Bewerb
ung   Dr. Lukas Mohler Leiter Statistisches Amt Tel. +41 61 267 87 53      Vielseitig.Arbeiten für Basel-Stadt. Etwas ist all unseren mehr als 11’000 
Mitarbeitenden gemeinsam: Sie engagieren sich am Puls der Stadt, indem sie unterstützen, befähigen, lenken, gestalten und schützen. So tragen sie mit 
ihrem Einsatz jeden Tag dazu bei, Basel-Stadt lebens- und liebenswert zu machen. Genauso vielfältig wie unsere Aufgaben sind unsere Mitarbeitenden sow
ie Ihre Möglichkeiten. Willkommen im Team des Kantons Basel-Stadt!   KontaktKanton Basel-Stadt Präsidialdepartement(0)4 Jobshttps://www.bs.chBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Scientist/in Schweizer Armee - Armeestab A StabBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festan
stellung Arbeitsort:IttigenDie Schweizer Armee - Armeestab A Stab sucht: 80%-100% / Ittigen   Ihr Einsatz für Sicherheit und Freiheit Sind Data Scienc
e, konstruktive Simulation, Operations Research und Machine Learning für Sie keine Fremdwörter? Dann sind Sie bei uns richtig. Helfen Sie mit bei der 
Bereitstellung daten- und simulationsbasierter Entscheidungsgrundlagen für die Armee- und die Armeestabsführung. Sie leisten einen substantiellen Beit
rag, um die Anwendung obengenannter Themen in unserem Team aktiv mitzugestalten.   Ihre Aufgaben      Das hauseigene Tool für die konstruktive Simulat
ion von Systemen der Armee weiterentwickeln Aktive Teilnahme in internationalen NATO/PfP Arbeitsgruppen Vorhaben sowie die Entwicklung von Operations-
Research-Modellen für deskriptive, prädiktive und präskriptive Analysen abstimmen, koordinieren und beraten Machine-Learning-Modelle zur Automatisieru
ng von Prozessen im Rahmen der Digitalisierung des Portfolios Verteidigung entwickeln Die Erweiterung und Instandhaltung der hauseigenen Recheninfrast
ruktur für Simulationen und Data Science unterstützen    Ihr Profil      Hochschulabschluss (MSc. vorzugsweise mit Promotion) in Naturwissenschaften, 
Mathematik, Informatik oder in verwandten Gebieten Umfassende Erfahrung in der selbstständigen Implementation und Anwendung von wissenschaftlichen Sim
ulationen, in Machine-Learning-Methoden, in mathematischer Modellierung und/oder in stochastischen Optimierungsverfahren Expertise in Python, C++, Jav
ascript, HTML, in der Anwendung von Open-Source-Bibliotheken, in Datenbanken, in Linux-Betriebssystemen und in der Implementation von Softwarelösungen
 Ausgewiesene Erfahrung und Bereitschaft selbstständig Lösungen für neue Probleme zu suchen und diese im Rahmen einer Teamarbeit erfolgreich umzusetze
n Gute aktive Kenntnisse mindestens einer zweiten Amtssprache und passive Kenntnisse einer dritten Amtssprache    Zusätzliche Informationen   Ihr neue
r Chef beantwortet Ihre Fragen gerne:Zenon Mathews, Dr, MSc ETHTeamleiter Data Science und Modellierung E-Mail schreiben, +41 58 460 26 08 Eine Anstel
lung bei der Schweizer Armee macht Sinn und bringt viele Vorteile mit sich. Überzeugen Sie sich auf  armee.ch/vorteile  .   Über uns   Der Armeestab (
A Stab) unterstützt den Chef der Armee in der Führung des Departementsbereichs Verteidigung und verantwortet die militärische Gesamtplanung und -entwi
cklung der Schweizer Armee. Hier werden gemäss den politischen Vorgaben die strategischen Grundlagen, die Streitkräfteentwicklung und die Armee- und R
üstungsplanung erarbeitet sowie Aufgaben im internationalen Sicherheitskontext wahrgenommen. Die Führung, Steuerung und Koordination sämtlicher übergr
eifender Querschnittsbereiche (Personal, Finanzen, Immobilien) fallen ebenfalls in den Zuständigkeitsbereich des Armeestabs. Die Schweizer Armee besch
äftigt über 9'000 Mitarbeitende in vier militärischen und rund 200 zivilen Berufen – und dies an 140 Standorten schweizweit. Auch für den Nachwuchs is
t gesorgt: Die Schweizer Armee bildet in über 30 Berufen Lernende aus. Schermenwaldstrasse 13, 3063 Ittigen Die Bundesverwaltung achtet die unterschie
dlichen Bedürfnisse und Lebenserfahrungen ihrer Mitarbeitenden und fördert deren Vielfalt. Gleichbehandlung geniesst höchste Priorität. Frauen sind in
 unserer Verwaltungseinheit untervertreten. Ihre Bewerbungen sind deshalb besonders willkommen.KontaktBundesverwaltung(36)162 Jobshttps://www.admin.ch
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Analyst (m/w/d) Kanton St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:80%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Dav
idstrasse 35, 9000 St.GallenAls der fünftgrösste Kanton der Schweiz mit rund 6000 Mitarbeitenden setzen wir uns bei der Kantonsverwaltung für das Geme
inwohl der Gesellschaft ein. Mit einer beeindruckenden Vielfalt an Leistungen betrifft unsere Arbeit alle Bereiche des Lebens, sei es Bildung, Wirtsch
aft, Recht, Sicherheit, Natur, Gesundheit, Bau, Kultur und Finanzen. Mit unserer sinnstiftenden Arbeit hinterlassen wir täglich einen kleinen Fussabdr
uck, da diese für über eine halbe Million Menschen relevant ist.Für die Stärkung unseres Analyse-Schwerpunkts suchen wir per 1. September 2024 oder na
ch Vereinbarung eine/n Leiten, Durchführen und Unterstützen von komplexen Projekten (methodisch anspruchsvolle Analyseprojekte, themenübergreifende Pr
ojekte) Konzeptionelles und methodisches Weiter- und Neuentwickeln von Modellen zur Verbesserung von Planungsprozessen, inklusive neuer Statistiken («
experimental statistics», Machine Learning/KI) Beraten der Fachstellenleitung zur strategischen Weiterentwicklung der Datenanalyse, Datenarchitektur u
nd der zunehmenden Automatisierung der Statistikproduktionsprozesse Unterhalten und Weiterentwickeln der strategisch relevanten, neuen IT-Tools, der A
nalyse-Server, des Data Warehouse inklusive Schulung der Fachstellenmitarbeitenden und weiterer kantonaler Akteure   Master (vorzugsweise Doktorat) mi
t mehrjähriger Berufserfahrung in Datenanalysen und statistischer Modellierung Erfahrung in der Leitung von komplexen Projekten, in der Beratung und i
m Wissenstransfer sowie in der Analyse von statistischen Daten, idealerweise im Bereich Machine Learning Sehr gute Kenntnisse der High-Level-Programmi
ersprachen (insbesondere R), gute SQL-Kenntnisse und idealerweise Erfahrung mit Linux Effiziente, kreative und initiative Arbeitsweise   Hohe Selbstän
digkeit und Eigenverantwortung Offenes und kompetentes Team Moderne IT-Infrastruktur (Posit Team, Postgres-DWH, gitea usw.) Verschiedene Arbeitszeitmo
delle und Möglichkeit von Homeoffice Attraktive Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten Dr. Jan Wunder, Leiter Fachstelle für Statistik (Telefon 058 229 87 35)Kon
taktKanton St. Gallen(0)65 Jobshttps://www.sg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist 80 - 100% (w/m/d) St. Galler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:St. GallenFühlst du dich in der Datenwelt zu Hause? Liebst du es, aus Daten neue Erkenntnisse zu gewinn
en und daraus Handlungsempfehlungen abzuleiten und Prozesse zu optimieren? Du hast eine grosse Affinität für Technologie und liebst es, ständig zu ler
nen und deine Fähigkeiten zu verbessern? Du bevorzugst kleine Teams mit grosser Breite an Tätigkeiten? Dann komm zu uns und ergänze unser Data & Analy
tics Team in St. Gallen vor Ort und im Homeoffice! Bei der St. Galler Kantonalbank erwartet dich ein spannender Arbeitsalltag mit flexiblen Arbeitszei
ten, flachen Hierarchien und partnerschaftlichem Zugang zu Führungskräften.   Das wirst du bewirken   Als Datenprofi verstehst du dich als Enabler für
 operative und strategische Themen. Du überwachst bestehende und entwickelst neue Machine Learning Modelle und trägst damit massgeblich zum strategisc
hen Handlungsfeld Personalisierung und operative Exzellenz bei. Du initiierst und unterstützt innovative Data Science Projekte mit deinem data-driven 
Mindset. Du wirkst vermittelnd zwischen Business und Technik und koordinierst die Aufgaben eng mit anderen Fachabteilungen, wie z.B. den Vertriebseinh
eiten und der IT. Du vertrittst die SGKB in unternehmensübergreifenden Kooperationen.   Das bringst du mit   Dein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium 
z.B. in Naturwissenschaften, Computer Science, Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder eine vergleichbare Qualifikation hast du mit Praxiserfahrung i
n einem Data Science Team ergänzt. Deine sehr guten mündlichen und schriftlichen Deutschkenntnisse sind Voraussetzung für eine reibungslose Kommunikat
ion mit deinen vielfältigen Anspruchsgruppen. Du bringst erste Erfahrung in der Entwicklung und Produktivsetzung von Machine Learning Modellen (MLOps)
 mit und hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python und SQL. Du verstehst es verschiedene Visualisierungstools und -techniken zu benutzen, um Date
n und Erkenntnisse zu präsentieren. Idealerweise kennst du dich in der objektorientierten Softwareentwicklung und im Bereich Webtechnolgien aus. Du ve
rfügst über starke analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten und ein herausragendes Qualitätsbewusstsein. Du bringst eine hohe intrinsische Motivatio
n mit, an der kompletten Prozessstrecke von Data Engineering bis zur Produktivsetzung von Modellen mitzuarbeiten. Als emphatische, verantwortungsvolle
 und selbstständige Persönlichkeit zeigst du ausgeprägte Kommunikationsfähigkeiten im Umgang mit verschiedenen technischen und fachlichen Stakeholdern
 und begegnest diesen mit einer gesunden Portion Hartnäckigkeit und Durchsetzungsvermögen.   Auskünfte Gerne beantwortet Daniela Schmidt, Senior Data 
Scientist, Telefon 071 231 48 54, deine Fragen.  Bewerbung www.sgkb.ch/karriere, Claudia Ganz, Leiterin Personal Betreuung  KontaktSt. Galler Kantonal
bank(1)15 Jobshttps://www.sgkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Analytics Engineer 80 - 100% (w/m/d) St. Galler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:St. GallenFühlst du dich in der Datenwelt zu Hause? Liebst du es, in Daten zu graben, daraus neue E
rkenntnisse zu gewinnen und komplexe Problem zu lösen? Du hast eine grosse Affinität für Technologie und liebst es, ständig zu lernen und deine Fähigk
eiten zu verbessern? Du bevorzugst kleine Teams mit grosser Breite an Tätigkeiten? Dann komm zu uns und ergänze unser Data & Analytics Team in St. Gal
len vor Ort und im Homeoffice! Bei der St. Galler Kantonalbank erwartet dich ein spannender Arbeitsalltag mit flexiblen Arbeitszeiten, flachen Hierarc
hien und partnerschaftlichem Zugang zu Führungskräften.   Das wirst du bewirken   Als Brückenbauer ermöglichst du, Daten in wertvolle Erkenntnisse zu 
verwandeln. Du baust und optimierst Datenpipelines und stellst bereinigte und transformierte Datenprodukte für Analysezwecke und die Entwicklung von M
achine Learning Modellen bereit. Du unterstützt das Data Science Team beim Ausbau des Feature Stores. Du sorgst für den Überblick im Datendschungel un
d bist verantwortlich für die Überwachung der Datenqualität und die Nachvollziehbarkeit der Datenherkunft (Lineage) der von dir mitentwickelten Datenm
odelle. Du arbeitest eng mit unseren Data Scientisten, Business Analysten und anderen Stakeholdern zusammen, um deren Datenanforderungen zu erfüllen u
nd dabei zu helfen, datengesteuerte Entscheidungen zu treffen. Du vertrittst die SGKB in unternehmensübergreifenden Kooperationen.   Das bringst du mi
t   Dein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium z.B. in Naturwissenschaften, Computer Science, Data Science, Wirtschaftsinformatik oder eine vergleichbar
e Qualifikation hast du mit Praxiserfahrung in einer äquivalenten Position ergänzt. Deine sehr guten mündlichen und schriftlichen Deutschkenntnisse si
nd Voraussetzung für eine reibungslose Kommunikation mit deinen vielfältigen Anspruchsgruppen. Du verfügst über ein umfangreiches Wissen in der Datena
bfrage und Datenmodellierung mit SQL, Python und dbt, sowie in der Erstellung von Datenpipelines. Du hast ein grundlegendes Verständnis von Statistik,
 von Machine Learning Konzepten und bist mit den gängigen ML-Algorithmen vertraut. Du verstehst es verschiedene Visualisierungstools und -techniken zu
 benutzen, um Daten und Erkenntnisse zu präsentieren. Du verfügst über starke analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten und ein herausragendes Qualit
ätsbewusstsein. Als emphatische, verantwortungsvolle und selbstständige Persönlichkeit zeigst du ausgeprägte Kommunikationsfähigkeiten im Umgang mit v
erschiedenen technischen und fachlichen Stakeholdern und begegnest diesen mit einer gesunden Portion Hartnäckigkeit und Durchsetzungsvermögen.   Auskü
nfte Gerne beantwortet Daniela Schmidt, Senior Data Scientist, Telefon 071 231 48 54, deine Fragen.  Bewerbung www.sgkb.ch/karriere, Claudia Ganz, Lei
terin Personal Betreuung  KontaktSt. Galler Kantonalbank(1)15 Jobshttps://www.sgkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant AI Services & LLMOps (w/m/d) Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumSprache:
Deutsch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZürichWe are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Machine Learning & AI team with a focus on LLMOps for a du
ration of 6 to 12 months. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the development of AI-driven s
ervices, and gain hands-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate closely with experienced professionals,
 participate in cross-functional team work, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products and services.Zürich Swiss Life AG Das
 bieten wir    Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and implement LLM-based services or features fo
r our products. Contribute to the development of AI-driven solutions by utilizing Azure AI Services Assist in creating and maintaining LLM-based code 
for product development. Participate in the planning and execution of software development projects, adhering to agile methodologies. Explore and impl
ement LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases to enhance product capabilities. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate Azure AI Services i
nto our product ecosystem. Collaborate in the complete software product development lifecycle, from ideation to deployment. Contribute to product docu
mentation, training materials, and knowledge sharing within the team, department, and company.  Deine Stärken    Bachelor's degree (or candidate) in c
omputer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, or a related field. Experience with LLM-based APIs. Solid skills in .NET / C# programming. Knowled
ge of LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases. Fluent English communication skills, both written and verbal. Previous internship experience in i
ndustry within a related field. Familiarity with Azure and Azure AI Services. Experience with OpenAI-Whisper and GPT-Vision  Dein Kontakt Linda Fackel
mayer Recruiting Partner +41 43 284 58 57 So bewirbst du dich Über Swiss Life Wir beraten und begleiten Menschen in allen Lebenslagen: bei der Vorsorg
e sowie bei der Vorbereitung ihrer finanziellen Zukunft unterstützen wir sie, ein selbstbestimmtes Leben zu führen. KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobsht
tps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ueber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Ingénieur DataOps / DevOps (h/f) 80-100% Groupe MutuelBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:12 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellun
gArbeitsort:Avenue de la Rasude 8, 1006 Lausanne           Tu as trouvé un poste qui correspond à tes compétences et tu es motivé/e à relever ce nouve
au défi ? Postule et fais-toi connaître de nos spécialistes en recrutement.    TA MISSION    Industrialiser les modèles de Machine Learning (ML) / Int
elligence Artificielle (IA) (MLOps) Participer en équipe au développement par exemple de chatbot AI et aide à l’industrialisation de la solution Gérer
 l’intégration avec les services de Azure / OpenAI (Cognitive Search,...) Industrialiser les pipeline de donnée avec des bases de données relationnell
es (PLSQL, PL/pgSQL) et des services Cloud        Tes qualités Développement software : Python, pytest et backend Maitrise des outils de gestion de co
de et d'intégration continue (Git, Gitlab CI/CD) Maîtrise des outils de conteneurisation, notamment Docker et Kubernetes Expérience avec des outils de
 data / ML engineering serait un plus: Databricks, AzureML, Pandas, PySpark, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow ou PyTorch, ...     Ton expérience Expérience da
ns le développement backend en Python Architecte de solution dans l’industrialisation d’applications (modèles de Machine Learning, solutions LLM)     
Ta formation  Bachelor ou Master (HES/EPF/UNI ou équivalent)     Fonction : Ingénieur Données Senior N05       Pourquoi rejoindre notre équipe?   Si t
oi aussi tu aimes l’entre-aide, la bienveillance et la proactivité, tu es à la bonne place !Ici, au Groupe Mutuel, nous t’offrons la possibilité d’exe
rcer une activité variée tout en favorisant un environnement de travail stimulant qui concilie ta vie privée ainsi que professionnelle. Tu te retrouve
ras dans une équipe où travail, rigueur mais surtout plaisir sont les mots d’ordre.  Entrée en fonction: Aussi vite que possible, mais aussi lentement
 que nécessaire!                 VOS AVANTAGES    PerfectionnementParticipez à des formations continues, à l'interne comme à l'externe.    EvolutionSa
isissez les multiples opportunités d'évolution au sein de l'entreprise.    MotivationProfitez d'un environnement de travail agréable et entrepreneuria
l.    Work-life balanceConciliez vie professionnelle et vie privée avec facilité.    Avantages sociauxRetrouvez toutes les conditions sociales d'une g
rande entreprise.      KontaktGroupe Mutuel(6)2 Jobshttp://www.groupemutuel.ch/erecrutementBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Fullstack DevOps Java Kafka Angular Engineer Die Schweizerische PostBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:06 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse) Arbeitsort:Bellinzona und HomeofficeMit dir bauen wir die neue Systemlandschaft für die Routenplanung
 unserer Zustellenden auf, lösen gemeinsam anspruchsvolle Optimierungsprobleme und schaffen die technologische Basis für eine effiziente Planung auf d
er letzten Meile. Dabei setzen wir auf eine moderne Microservice-Architektur und verwenden auch Machine Learning, um datenbasiert möglichst effiziente
 sowie optimale Routen für die Zustellenden zu berechnen. Möchtest du gerne ein Teil unseres Teams werden? Dann bewirb dich jetzt! 60-100%, Bellinzona
 und Homeoffice   Das kannst du bewirken     Du wirst Teil eines Scrum DevOps Teams und arbeitest zusammen mit Java-Entwicklerinnen und -Entwickler, M
achine Learning Engineers, Business Analysten und UX-Spezialisten. Von Anfang an kannst du eine neue Lösung mitgestalten, welche die optimale Planung 
der Paket- und Briefboten sicherstellen soll. Du setzt aktuelle Technologien wie beispielsweise Spring, Spring Boot, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes und Ang
ular ein. Zusammen mit deinem Team verantwortest du, dass qualitativ hochwertiger und getesteter Code entsteht, sowie die Sprintziele erreicht werden.
 Du lernst gerne von anderen Know-how-Tragenden und freust dich darauf, dein Wissen teilen zu können.   Das bringst du mit     Du verfügst über einen 
Abschluss an einer Universität oder Fachhochschule mit Fokus Softwareentwicklung oder vergleichbarer Praxiserfahrung. Mindestens drei Jahre Erfahrung 
in der Entwicklung von Java-Applikationen bringst du mit. Du kennst Spring Boot, Angular, Kafka und bist vertraut mit dem Konzept von Microservices. R
ESTful APIs und Swagger sind dir ein Begriff. Durch deine hohen Qualitätsansprüche lässt dich auskommentierter Code, Code ohne Unit Tests sowie Pushs 
in den Master-Branch ohne Review erschaudern. Du hast bereits in einem Scrum Team gearbeitet, kennst die Methodik und du siehst dich als Teamplayer. D
u kommunizierst mündlich und schriftlich stilsicher auf Italienisch und bringst sehr gute Englischkenntnisse mit.   Das bieten wir dir     6 Wochen Fe
rien Elternzeit Unterstützung bei Aus- und Weiterbildungen Personalgutscheine   Kontakt  Martina SondereggerLeiterin P&T Zustellung 2 +41 79 362 19 28
  Jahresbruttolohn bei 100%   Jobdetails   Anstellung  60-100% Unbefristet  Anstellungsort(e)  Bellinzona und Homeoffice  Referenznummer  67727  Postb
ereich  Informatik / Technologie  Informatik  Der Funktionsbereich Informatik/Technologie prägt als Digitalisierungsmotor die gesamte Post und ist ein
 wichtiger Erfolgspartner: Über die Kernaufgaben der IT hinaus befähigen wir das Unternehmen zur digitalen Transformation. Wir setzen neueste Technolo
gien ein und treiben als agile, bi-modale und «embedded» IT Innovationen vorwärts. Wir entwickeln neue, sichere Geschäftsmodelle und gewährleisten für
 die Post eine moderne, performante ICT-Infrastruktur. Weiter übernehmen wir Verantwortung in Sachen Nachhaltigkeit: Unser Hauptsitz in Bern wurde mit
 zwei Nachhaltigkeits-Zertifikaten ausgezeichnet. Sämtliche neu gebauten Logistikzentren entsprechen mindestens dem «goldenen Nachhaltigkeitsstandard»
.KontaktDie Schweizerische Post(42)33 Jobshttps://www.post.ch/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant Data & Analytics 80 - 100 % (w/m/d) Bechtle Schweiz AG, Systemhaus DeutschschweizBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:22 
April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Mägenwil Bereit für alles? Bereit für Bec
htle. Mit über 14.500 Mitarbeitenden sind wir eines der erfolgreichsten IT-Unternehmen und Marktführer in unserer Branche. Die Kombination aus Direktv
ertrieb von IT-Produkten mit umfassenden Systemhausdienstleistungen macht uns zum zukunftsstarken IT-Partner für Mittelstand, Konzerne und öffentliche
 Auftraggeber. Wir sind zu Hause in ganz Europa und immer in der Nähe.  Deine Aufgaben    Entwurf und Konzeption technischer Lösungen in einem oder me
hreren der folgenden Bereiche: AI, Data Warehouse, Data Lake, Machine Learning, IoT. Entwicklung von Lösungen für Datenintegration, -speicherung, -qua
litätssicherung, -analyse und -visualisierung, wobei hauptsächlich die Data Services der Azure Platform genutzt werden. Bewertung und Spezifizierung v
on Anforderungen, Teilnahme an Pre-Sales Aktivitäten und Erstellung von Antworten auf Ausschreibungen Leidenschaft für Daten und Freude neue Lösungen 
z.B. mittels «Proof of Concepts» auszuprobieren um das entstandene Knowhow mittels Wissenstransfer in Form von Artikeln, Webinaren, Demonstrationen us
w. sicherzustellen Professionelles Begleiten von Kundenprojekten in Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Partnern    Dein Profil    Bachelor oder Master in Info
rmatik, Informationssystemen, oder gleichwertig, und mindestens 5 Jahre Erfahrung in der Umsetzung von Data & Analytics Projekten Beherrschung der Azu
re Data Platform (ein oder mehrere Dienste wie Synapse, Data Factory, Data Lake, Machine Learning, IoT Hub, usw.) sowie Power BI und der Microsoft BI 
on-prem Tools (SSIS, SSAS, usw.). Kenntnisse anderer BI-Plattformen sind von Vorteil Du hast Erfahrung mit der Spezifizierung von Anforderungen und ka
nnst diese in technische Lösungen umsetzen Du arbeitest gerne im Team, bist aber bei Bedarf auch selbstständig Überzeugendes Auftreten und Kommunikati
on in Deutsch und Englisch, Französisch ist von Vorteil    Unser Angebot    Moderne Arbeitsbedingungen (z.B. Flache Hierarchien und kurze Entscheidung
swege, agiles und kollaboratives Umfeld, Hybrides Arbeiten, 30 Tage Ferien)  KonzernweiterAustausch auf Augenhöhe im Experten-Netzwerk  Spannende Entw
icklungsmöglichkeiten und Zugang zur Bechtle-Akademie  Chance, proaktiv das Data & Analytics Angebot zu gestalten und auszubauen, Interaktion mit Firm
enkunden aus verschiedenen Branchen, interessante Projekte Unternehmertum, Förderung innovativer Ideen, eine super Stimmung und fachlicher Austausch i
m Team, Start-up Mentalität innerhalb eines renommierten Unternehmens    Als ein führender IT-Dienstleister der Schweiz sind wir für kleine und mittel
ständige Unternehmen, Großkunden sowie öffentliche Institutionen der Partner erster Wahl für Consulting, IT-Infrastruktur, Cloud-Lösungen, IT-Services
 und Software. Unser Angebot umfasst von der Beratung über die Umsetzung bis zum Betrieb den gesamten IT-Life-Cycle. Unsere Kunden profitieren von höc
hsten Partnerzertifizierungen bei den meisten namhaften Herstellern. Mit über 600 Mitarbeitern an neun Standorten sind wir für unsere Kunden ein zuver
lässiger und nachhaltiger Partner, der sie in sämtlichen Belangen der IT mit Kompetenz und Erfahrung unterstützt.   Bereit für all das? Jetzt über uns
er Online-Bewerbungstool bewerben, auch ohne Anschreiben. Profilvorschläge von Personaldienstleistern und Bewerbungen per E-Mail können wir leider nic
ht berücksichtigen.    KontaktJasmin RöhmRecruiterBechtle Schweiz AG, Systemhaus Deutschschweiz(0)33 Jobshttps://jobs.bechtle.com/BewerbenJob merkenDi
esen Job melden


Consultant - Digital Investigations in Forensics 100% EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as
 you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice 
and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.   Th
e opportunity    The rapidly growing Forensic Technology & eDiscovery department is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career oppo
rtunity to help us develop and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary
 group of professionals who are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our 
technical knowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelera
te the fact-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic k
nowhow for a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation
 engines, social network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities 
      Working in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collabo
rating with clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial si
tuations Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients. Supporting the leadership te
am and the project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    T
o qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and interest in eDiscovery and digital inves
tigation as well as consulting  Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programmi
ng or scripting language Assertive and proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build 
relationships effectively within large organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required -
 any additional language is a plus     Ideally, you'll also have    Solid SQL skills or the interest to build them up quickly Interested in topics lik
e machine learning, unstructured data, NLP and other related topics.      What we offer    International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated pr
ofessionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve - a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern
 working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fu
lly accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate
 that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position online. For further informati
on please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).   The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    * exception of EY
 contractors, interns and alumni.   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data Science EMPABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:T
emporärSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Lerchenfeldstrasse 5, 9014 St. Gallen             Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data 
Science      Materials science and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributi
ons to the well-being of society for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. Empa's Laboratory 'Particles-Biology Int
eractions' and its group 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' are looking for a candidate for an interdisciplinary project on the development of new
 computational approaches for improving safety and sustainability of (nano)materials based on publicly available data and tools, including omics data,
 and integration of novel methods for replacing animal testing. The project involves collaborations with several leading European research groups and 
experts in the field. Your tasks   Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Machine learning analyses: implementation of est
ablished and new workflows  Coordination of activities with Consortium partners, including presentation of results at consortium meetings  Preparation
 of results for publishing and presentation at conferences  Development of models for health and environmental impact assessment   Your profile We are
 looking for a candidate with:   PhD in computational biology or related field Background in computational biology, bioinformatics or a related field 
 Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication skills with a good command of the English language 
  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Familiarity with Safe and Sustainable by Design methods and tools  Familiarity with datasets and mod
els for health and environmental impact assessment  Interest in mechanisms of disease development  Expertise in network analysis  Experience with omic
s data analysis    Our offer We offer:   A highly interdisciplinary and supportive environment with a cutting-edge research project  Support for furth
er career development  A strong international network   The Postdoctoral position is for the duration of three and half years. It is based at Empa, St
. Gallen and it is available from May 2024 or upon mutual agreement. The researcher will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinf
ormatics.  We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meaningful activities -
 that's what counts. We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV, certificates, diplomas and co
ntact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will not be considered.
   Sarah Stüdli,Bereichspersonalleiterin / HR Partner        Questions?   Dr. Marija Buljan Write an email Group leaderParticles-Biology Interactions 
            Your future place of work  EmpaLerchenfeldstrasse 59014 St. Gallen      Empa as an employer      Innovative, sustainable, meaningful activ
ities       Creating added value for society       International, multicultural working environment       Freedom to create and develop       Culture 
of inclusion and respect       Excellent balance between different areas of life       Multiple award-winning and certified employer       Benefits fo
r rail, mobile, childcare, catering, etc.       Good to know    Empa website       Working in Switzerland       Employment process       Conditions of
 employment                  Apply now       KontaktEmpa(15)8 Jobshttps://www.empa.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer (80-100%) (m/w/d) Rocken®BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:De
utsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:BaselRocken® ist ein Schweizer Unternehmen mit dem Sitz in Zürich.  Wir haben eine webbasierte Onlin
e- Plattform zur Jobsuche und Talentgewinnung entwickelt, die den Bewerbungsprozess digitalisiert und die Unternehmung dabei unterstützt, Talente am M
arkt rasch zu erkennen und langfristig für sich zu gewinnen. Mit einem digitalen Rocken Profil kann sich jeder Bewerber schnell und unkompliziert mit 
marktführenden Firmen verbinden und das Profil teilen. Unsere Arbeit stellt technologisch und organisch die Menschen im Mittelpunkt. Rocken® bietet Ex
ecutive- Search und Talent Management Beratung an, um die persönlichen und individuellen Ansprüche jedes Einzelnen abzuholen und diese in der Personal
beschaffung und Karriereplanung optimal umzusetzen. Unser ROCKEN Partner steht für in der Schweiz entwickelte Hightech-Innovation. Unser Partner ist i
n der Medizinaltechnik tätig und beschäftigt weltweit rund 660 Mitarbeitende. Mit über 50 Vertriebspartnern und über 15 Tochtergesellschaften ist unse
r Partner auf der internationalen Bühne vertreten. Für die weitere Expansion werden Mitarbeiter gesucht, die zum Wohle der Patienten neue Lösungen era
rbeiten möchten und voller Innovationsdrang sind. Deine Verantwortung  Du als Software Engineer bist verantwortlich für die Entwicklung von 3D-Algorit
hmen zur Generierung anatomisch angepasster Strukturen. Du entwirfst intuitive 3D-Benutzeroberflächen, die leicht zu bedienen sind. Du als Software En
gineer führst Anforderungsanalysen durch und überführst sie in Entwicklungsspezifikationen für das Team. Du implementierst Schnittstellen, die eine au
tomatisierte Herstellung von 3D-Strukturen ermöglichen.  Deine Skills  Du hast ein abgeschlossenes Studium als Software Engineer oder eine vergleichba
re Ausbildung. Du verfügst über gute Programmierkenntnisse, zum Beispiel in TypeScript, JavaScript, Java, Python oder C++, sowie über ein ausgeprägtes
 technisches und mathematisches Verständnis. Du als Software Engineer hast Erfahrungen im Bereich Machine Learning/Deep Learning. Du zeichnest dich du
rch eine analytische, strukturierte und zielorientierte Persönlichkeit aus. Du besitzt sehr gute Deutsch- und/oder Englischkenntnisse (Wort und Schrif
t), weitere Sprachen sind von Vorteil.  Benefits   Flexible Arbeitszeitgestaltung   Interessante und abwechslungsreiche Tätigkeiten/Projekte   Eingesp
ieltes und dynamisches Team    Offene Unternehmenskultur   Internationales Umfeld    ROCKEN Jobs: https://rocken.jobs    Arbeitsort Basel  Kontakt  El
la Moerland,+41 44 385 28 82  KontaktRocken®(6)545 Jobshttps://rocken.jobs/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Developer:in C# und .NET (a) KMS AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deu
tsch (Muttersprache) Arbeitsort:Kriens (LU), Matzingen (TG) oder Stadt Zürich (ZH) Du brennst für Informatik und suchst eine Arbeitgeberin, die das ve
rkörpert? Bei uns entwickelst du in einem agilen Arbeitsumfeld, treibst Projekte mit deinen Ideen voran und triffst dabei auf grosse Flexibilität! Die
 KMS AG ist eine höchst innovative Softwareentwicklungsunternehmung mit mehr als 40 Jahren Erfahrung in der Entwicklung von Business Lösungen für Steu
erverwaltungen. Du fragst dich, was daran cool ist? Wenn du mit modernen Technologien arbeiten möchtest, dir ein aufgeschlossenes und unkompliziertes 
Teamwork wichtig ist und dein tägliches Engagement mit attraktiven Konditionen wertgeschätzt werden soll, bist du hier genau richtig. Zur Verstärkung 
unserer Teams mit insgesamt 140 engagierten Mitarbeitenden an den Standorten Kriens (Luzern), Matzingen (Thurgau) und Wiedikon (Zürich) suchen wir dic
h als Lead Developer:in C# und .NET. In dieser spannenden Rolle übernimmst du eine Schlüsselrolle in der Weiterentwicklung unserer Softwarelösungen. V
om Design bis hin zur Entwicklung und Architektur treibst du wichtige Projekte auf Unternehmensebene voran. Wir suchen eine Person mit viel Eigeniniti
ative, die ihre kreativen Ideen in den Innovationsprojekten einbringen und ihre Begeisterung für Development ausleben möchte (Bsp. Einbindung von KI/A
I Tools). Erkennst du dich als KMSler:in wieder? Dann freuen wir uns auf deine Bewerbung!      Was bewegst Du bei uns?    Als wichtige Schlüsselrolle 
für unsere Entwicklungsteams bist du verantwortlich für das Design und Architektur von Softwarelösungen, welche bei 14 Kantonen, sowie bei Gemeinden u
nd Städten Einsatz finden.     Du gestaltest die Umsetzung von strategisch relevanten Projekten mit und triffst dabei auf grossen Gestaltungsfreiraum,
 um neue Innovationen in unsere Lösungen einzubauen.     Du übernimmst den technischen Lead von Projektteams innerhalb der KMS und bist dabei die Ansp
rechperson der internen Stakeholder. In enger Zusammenarbeit mit diesen agilen und interdisziplinären Teams wirst du unsere Softwarelösungen gestalten
 und weiterentwickeln.     Du entwickelst objektorientiert innerhalb unseres modernen Technologie-Stacks in der Programmiersprache C#, arbeitest in Fr
ameworks wie NET 8 und Angular und bereitest neuste Entwicklungen für den weiteren DevOps Prozess in Docker und Kubernetes auf.     Zudem hast du die 
Möglichkeit in Innovationsprojekten mit Künstlicher Intelligenz (Generative AI, Machine Learning) mitzuwirken.      Was bringst Du mit?    Du verfügst
 über einen höheren Abschluss im Bereich der Informatik auf Stufe FH/Uni/ETH mit Schwerpunkt Softwareentwicklung oder einen vergleichbaren Leistungsna
chweis.     Mit deiner mehrjährigen Erfahrung in der agilen Softwareentwicklung, konntest du bereits anspruchsvolle Projekte erfolgreich umsetzen.    
 Das Programmieren und Arbeiten mit Technologien wie C#, .NET., Angular, Docker, Kubernetes, WPF und Oracle liegt dir im Blut. Erfahrung mit Generativ
e AI oder Machine Learning ist ein weiteres Plus.     Du bist bereit an der Schnittstelle zwischen Softwareentwicklung und Produktgestaltung mitzuwirk
en und förderst mit deinem Kommunikationsgeschick den Aufbau von technischem Know-How im Entwicklungsteam.     Du hast Power, inspirierst Teammitglied
er durch deinen Drive und mit deinen innovativen Ideen und bist in der Lage, den Weg mit Entschlossenheit voranzugehen.      Das bieten wir!    Flexib
ilität: In der KMS AG arbeiten wir in einer 40 Stundenwoche und bieten selbstverständlich Home-Office.    Investitionen: Wir sind daran interessiert, 
dass du dein volles Potenzial entfalten kannst, finanzieren berufsrelevante Aus- und Weiterbildungen und zahlen überdurchschnittliche Versicherungslei
stungen sowie Treueprämien.    Mobilität: Deine Kosten fürs Halbtax-Abo sowie für deine Autobahnvignette werden übernommen. Zudem profitierst du von E
rmässigung auf Reka-Guthaben und Parkplätze stehen kostenlos zur Verfügung.    Erholung: Nebst deinen regulären Ferien erhältst du bis zu 10 zusätzlic
he Ferientage (gestaffelt nach Dienstjahren)    Kulinarium: Täglich stehen gratis frische Gipfeli, angerichtete Früchteplatten, Süssigkeiten und alles
 war dein Herz begehrt bereit. In unseren eigenen Restaurants verwöhnen dich zur Mittagszeit unsere Küchenteams mit köstlichen Spezialitäten.     Will
st du Teil unseres Teams werden?  Sende uns deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit einem Klick auf den entsprechenden Button. Wir freuen uns auf
 dich!KontaktLou Burk041 329 84 11E-Mail schreibenKMS AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www.kms-ag.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formation EMPABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%
Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Lerchenfeldstrasse 5, 9014 St. Gallen             PhD position in Discovery of novel biom
arkers for chronic wound formation      Materials science and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employee
s make essential contributions to the well-being of society for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. In a close co
llaboration with several other Empa groups, the ' Multi-omics for healthcare materials  ' and ' Nanomaterials Spectroscopy and Imaging  ' groups are s
tarting a multidisciplinary project aiming to discover novel protein and metabolite biomarkers specific for the early phases of chronic wound developm
ent. The project will be part of a larger initiative focused on the design of a precision, self-care integrated system to completely understand, simul
ate, and monitor skin wound evolution, with the ultimate aim to treat and prevent chronic wounds. The candidate will focus on the characterization of 
chronic wounds arising from venous ulcers and perform comprehensive proteomic and metabolomic characterization of wound exudates from patients. Furthe
rmore, the candidate will demonstrate Raman spectroscopy as a rapid, noninvasive, and label-free omics technology enabling metabolic profiling and bio
marker detection in wound exudates.  Your tasks   Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Implementation of established and
 development of new workflows for biomarker identification from omics datasets (proteomics, metabolomics, Raman)  Combining Raman spectroscopy and mas
s spectrometry-based proteomics, along with cutting-edge machine learning approaches, to enable timely identification of high risk for the chronic wou
nd formation Coordinate preparation of wound fluids and perform Raman spectroscopy measurements  Coordination of activities with project partners, inc
luding clinicians  Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences   Your profile    A strong background in computational biolog
y, physics, physical chemistry or materials science  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication
 skills with a good command of the English language  Interest in clinically applied research and enthusiasm for combining experimental and computation
al work  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Prior experience with Raman spectroscopy    Our offer   A highly interdisciplinary and suppor
tive environment  A cutting-edge research project project which will be instrumental for guiding new therapeutic approaches for wound healing  World-c
lass teams committed to exploring the next-generation of biomedical applications  A global network of collaborators and clinical partners with opportu
nities for building a competitive research portfolio.  In addition, we offer outstanding infrastructure, a broad interdisciplinary environment and com
petitive salaries. The position is based at Empa, St. Gallen with frequent visits to Empa headquarters in the Zurich area, and it is available from Se
ptember 2024, or upon mutual agreement, with a planned duration of 3 to 4 years. The PhD student will be enrolled at ETH Zurich. The student will be a
dditionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics. For additional information, please contact Dr Marija Buljan (Write an email) or Dr 
Mirjana Dimitrievska (Write an email).   We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainab
le and meaningful activities - that's what counts. We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV,
 certificates, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and b
y post will not be considered.   Patricia Nitzsche,Stv. Leiterin Human Resources / Dep. Head Human Resources        Questions?   Dr.  Marija Buljan Wr
ite an email Group LeaderParticles-Biology Interactions+41 58 765 79 08   https://www.empa.ch/web/s403/datasci4nanotech             Your future place 
of work  EmpaLerchenfeldstrasse 59014 St. Gallen      Empa as an employer      Innovative, sustainable, meaningful activities       Creating added val
ue for society       International, multicultural working environment       Freedom to create and develop       Culture of inclusion and respect      
 Excellent balance between different areas of life       Multiple award-winning and certified employer       Benefits for rail, mobile, childcare, cat
ering, etc.       Good to know    Empa website       Working in Switzerland       Employment process       Conditions of employment                  A
pply now       KontaktEmpa(15)8 Jobshttps://www.empa.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Process Solutions IWB Industrielle Werke BaselBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:PraktikumAr
beitsort:Basel  Manche, die schon lange bei IWB dabei sind, finden, dass hier zu arbeiten noch nie so viel Spass gemacht hat. Ob Photovoltaik-Anlage, 
Wärmepumpe oder Ladestation fürs E-Auto - wir bieten alles aus einer Hand. Das macht unsere Arbeit ganz schön bunt. Mindestens so wichtig ist der wund
erbare Teamgeist. Dieser kommt nicht von ungefähr. Wir unternehmen nämlich einiges, damit das so ist - und bleibt.  Freue dich auf spannende Aufgaben:
     Setze deine Fähigkeiten bei der strategischen Weiterentwicklung des unternehmensweiten Business Process Managements (BPM) sowie der Überarbeitung
 der IWB Prozesslandschaft zu End-to-End (E2E) orientierten Geschäftsprozessen ein. Wirke bei der Modellierung von unternehmensweiten Geschäftsprozess
en mit und bringe deine Ideen zur Analyse und Optimierung ein. Unterstütze bei der Vorbereitung und Begleitung von internen und externen Qualitätsmana
gementaudits (ISO 9001 und ISO 14001). Arbeite in vielseitigen Projekten und Mandaten innerhalb des Finanzbereichs und von IWB (u.a. Automatisierung d
urch Workflows oder RPA, Process Mining, Machine Learning) mit. Übernehme delegierte administrative und organisatorische Aufgaben des Teams.   Damit m
achst du uns noch besser:     Du befindest dich in der Endphase deines Bachelors oder im Masterstudium (oder Abschluss innerhalb der letzten 12 Monate
) mit der Fachrichtung Wirtschaftsinformatik, Betriebswirtschaft, Data Science oder vergleichbaren Fachrichtungen Idealerweise hast du Erfahrung mit d
er Modellierung nach BPMN 2.0, im Workflow Management, mit Audits im Rahmen von ISO 9001 und/oder in BPM-Umsetzungsprojekten. Transparente und offene 
Kommunikation lebst du selbstverständlich. Du begeisterst dich für neue Technologien und weisst, wie du mit diesen deine Produktivität und Effizienz a
uf ein neues Level hebst. Modernes Projektmanagement und kunden- und prozessorientiertes Arbeiten treibt dich an.   Davon profitierst du:     Aufbruch
sstimmung und viel frischem Wind in der ganzen IWB. Es lebe der Sport - bei uns gibt's jede Menge Möglichkeiten dazu. Positiver "Groove", auch Humor u
nd Lachen kommen nicht zu kurz. Hallo Mensch! Wir sind erfrischend unkompliziert und du triffst bei uns auf sympathische Menschen - lerne sie  hier   
kennen. Wir haben noch viel mehr zu bieten, schau einfach mal  hier   vorbei.   Dein Arbeitsort:   Bei Fragen für dich da  Laura Buikema Leiterin Nach
wuchs +41 61 275 50 71 https://www.linkedin.com/in/laurabuikema/ Wunderbar, dann freuen wir uns auf deine Bewerbung! Das Motivationsschreiben ist opti
onal. Wenn du zuerst noch ein paar Fragen hast, her damit. Stefanie Rütten, Senior Business Process Engineer, ist vielleicht schon bald deine Chefin u
nd unter +41 61 275 59 51 gerne für dich da.  IWB Industrielle Werke Basel4002 Basel  KontaktIWB Industrielle Werke Basel(6)16 Jobshttps://www.iwb.chB
ewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant AI and digital law, compliance and IT security (w/m/d) Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100
%Vertrag:PraktikumSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZürichZürich Swiss Life AG  Das bieten wir     Collaborate with the Ser
vice Development and Product Management team to define, design, and implement end-to-end business and technical requirements in alignment with our com
pliance processes for our products and services. Monitor and evaluate the performance of AI-services with regard to compliance requirements, including
 digital ethics and data protection aspects Identify and assess risks associated with AI applications in the compliance context, taking into account r
equirements regarding information security and data protection Work closely with other departments to promote and implement best practices regarding A
I compliance, particularly in the area of data governance Assist in process, task and project management Contribute to product documentation, training
 materials, and knowledge sharing within the team, department, and company.   Deine Stärken     Completed Bachelor's degree with outstanding grades Pr
oficiency in MS Office (PPT, Excel, Word) Exceptional problem-solving skills and ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment Outst
anding analytical skills, capability for critical-thinking and the ability to learn fast and process complex information Basic understanding of machin
e learning and generative artificial intelligence and its implications regarding risk, security and legal aspects Previous internship experience in in
dustry within a related field or in consulting Experience in a project leadership role (academic, professional, or extracurricular) Ideally experience
 in the field of compliance, data Governance or information security Ideally Experience in a corporation working with senior management Technical affi
nity, ideally coding experience Fluent English and German communication skills, both written and verbal   Dein Kontakt  Linda Fackelmayer So bewirbst 
du dich  Über Swiss Life  Wir beraten und begleiten Menschen in allen Lebenslagen: bei der Vorsorge sowie bei der Vorbereitung ihrer finanziellen Zuku
nft unterstützen wir sie, ein selbstbestimmtes Leben zu führen.KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ueber-uns/karriere.htmlBewe
rbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business and Data Integration Engineer (a) Schulthess Produktion AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Landstrasse 37, 8633 Wolfhausen  Schulthess ist seit 1845 die führende Schweizer Unternehmensgrupp
e in der Waschtechnik. Unser Unternehmen steht für Innovation in der Wäschepflege und geht als Pionier neue Wege. Wir entwickeln und produzieren in de
r Schweiz qualitativ hochwertige Maschinen, Anlagen und Systemlösungen für private, gewerbliche und industrielle Kunden. Der wirtschaftliche und ökolo
gische Umgang mit Ressourcen und die konsequente Ausrichtung auf die Nachhaltigkeit sind unser Anspruch und die Basis unserer starken Marktposition. W
ir arbeiten in Leistungsteams und in einem Klima der Exzellenz eines Weltklasseunternehmens.   Als Verstärkung für unser Team suchen wir eine/n     Bu
siness and Data Integration Engineer 60-100% (a)     Ihre Aufgaben   Analyse, Modelierung und Optimierung von bestehenden und neuen bereichsübergreife
nden Business Prozessen zur Sicherstellung der effizienten und durchgängigen Digitalisierung Spezifizierung und Implementierung neuer Data Flows, Date
nmodellen, Datentransformationen und Datenvalidierungen mit Überwachung und Optimierung der bestehenden via der zentralen Datenintegrationsplattform M
itarbeit bei der Verwaltung und der kontinuierlichen Weiterentwicklung der zentralen Datenintegrationsplattform für eine performante und skalierbare A
nbindung der internen sowie externen Umsystemen Entwerfen und erstellen von Berichten sowie analysieren und interpretieren von Daten-/Infrastruktur-Tr
ends und Mustern zur Verbesserung der Geschäftsabläufe Pflege von Dokumentationen und Datenkatalogen     Ihr Profil   Universität / Hochschulabschluss
 in Richtung Data Science, Business Analytics, oder Informatik mit Vertiefung in diesen Bereichen Mehrjährige Arbeitserfahrung in einem interdisziplin
ären Umfeld bevorzugt im Industriesektor Gute Kenntnisse im Bereich von Datenbanken, Middleware (Talend), Webservices, Containervirtualisierung, Softw
areentwicklung sowie der Ökonometrie. Gute Kenntnisse im Bereich von Prozessmodellierungen mit BPMN Growth-Mindset für die Sicherstellung der Integrat
ion der neusten Industrie-Trends und Best-Practices Freude am analytischen und systematischen Denken in einer bereichsübergreifenden Funktion Erfahrun
g im agilen Projektmanagement mit Jira Gute Kommunikation in Deutsch und Englisch Know-How im Bereich MS-Fabric, DWH, KI und Machine Learning von Vort
eil     Unser Angebot   Motivierendes und innovatives Umfeld in einer erfolgreichen Unternehmensgruppe Spannende Tätigkeit mit Möglichkeit zur Weitere
ntwicklung Einsatz von modernster Technologien und neusten Arbeitsmethodiken Moderner Arbeitsplatz Hybrides Arbeiten in einer 40h Woche Attraktive Ans
tellungsbedingungen (Mind. 5 Wochen Ferien, uvm.) Diverse weitere spannende Nebenleistungen      Wenn Sie an dieser abwechslungsreichen und verantwort
ungsvollen Tätigkeit interessiert sind, freut sich Frau Kristin Lucarelli auf die Zustellung Ihrer Bewerbungsunterlagen inkl. Lohnvorstellung.   Krist
in Lucarelli · HR Business Partner Schulthess Produktion AG Landstrasse 37 · 8633 Wolfhausen+41 55 253 52 06     KontaktSchulthess Produktion AG(8)6 J
obshttps://www.schulthess.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software developer C++ for video applications (m/f/d) Karl Storz GmbHBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend), Deutsch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Schaffhausen / Tuttlingen DE  Stronger together At KARL STORZ, we believe in
 not just creating jobs but building careers. As a family-run company, we understand the value of long-term relationships and actively work on promoti
ng them.When YOU grow, we grow.     Get to know us and join our team as   Location: Schaffhausen, TG, CH, 8200 Tuttlingen, BW, DE, 78532   ID #: 2262 
     Your Mission   You will design and implement application software and middleware in C++17 (and newer) as well as video processing software using 
GStreamer, V4L, OpenGL, OpenCL, CUDA, etc. You also design and implement graphical user interfaces using Qt6/QML You will be responsible for the stand
ards-compliant documentation of the development process Ensuring functional security as well as cyber security aspects  Supporting the creation of the
 risk analysis rounds off your area of responsibility   Your Talents   Degree with focus on software development or comparable knowledge or work exper
ience  At least 2 years of professional experience in software development using C++11 (or newer) preferred Experience with Boost, STL and Qt  Experie
nce is a plus: in GPU programming; in AI, Machine Learning & Deep Neural Networks; with Yocto build system.  Very good communication skills in English
 and German, fast comprehension, high degree of independence, systematic work style, great commitment as well as enjoyment of international teamwork  
Your Benefits  Flexible working hours & mobile working: In many areas, working hours and location can be arranged as required 30 vacation days and var
ious special payments Further training opportunities: Open in-house seminar program, extensive e-learning offering, professional development courses a
nd much more Corporate benefits and bicycle leasing Subsidy for private pension plan and company health management Various childcare options – at the 
headquarters in Tuttlingen Health, sports, cultural and leisure activities – offers vary depending on location      Get in Contact       Barbara Doll 
  KontaktKarl Storz GmbH(0)4 Jobshttps://www.karlstorz.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DevOps Engineer / Developer (a)* Ringier AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:De
utsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZofingenDer Bereich «Mediatech & Services» bietet Technologie- und Servicedienstleistungen aus eine
r Hand. In unserem Team «Business Application Media» beraten wir mit viel Herzblut die Fachbereiche in allen Themen rund um Technologie, Prozessoptimi
erungen und Digitalisierung. Mit unserer geballten Ladung an Know-how stellen wir sicher, dass unsere Prozesse reibungslos funktionieren und wir immer
 auf dem neuesten Stand der Technologie sind. Wir initiieren den digitalen Wandel und begleiten unsere Fachbereiche auf ihrer spannenden Reise der Ver
änderung.  Deine Aufgaben      In unterschiedlichen produktiven Umgebungen bist du für die Software, das Customizing, das Scripting und für Programmie
rungen verantwortlich Mit deinem Know-how und deiner Begeisterungsfähigkeit für Dev-Ops, Infrastructure as Code (IaC), CI/CD und IAM, unterstützt du d
ie Entwicklung von Cloud-Lösungen und gewährleistest, dass diese sicher, skalierbar und robust genug sind Mit deiner Zielorientierung nimmst du dich d
en Anforderungen deiner Fachbereiche an und setzt diese mit viel Engagement um Du hast Freude daran, mit dem Team vorwärts zu kommen und bringst deine
 Verbesserungen aktiv ein Du arbeitest in vielseitigen Projekten mit und übernimmst für Teilprojekte den Lead Dank deiner analytischen Arbeitsweise, l
ässt du dich auch von komplexen Problemstellungen (Geschäftsprozesse/-Transaktionen, Daten, Funktionen) nicht abschrecken und erarbeitest passende Lös
ungen Du bringst dich innerhalb von spannenden AI- und Cloud Projekten ein und informierst dich laufend über die neuesten Entwicklungen & Trends in de
r Branche    Dein Profil      Du hast eine Lehre vorzugsweise im Bereich IT und/oder eine höhere Berufsausbildung in Informatik oder in verwandten Geb
ieten Du möchtest deine Kenntnisse im Bereich AI, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing anwenden und laufend weiterentwickeln Du bringst Erfah
rung in einer oder mehreren Programmier- und Abfragesprachen wie Python, Java, C# oder Javascript mit und hast Freude daran neue Programmier- und/oder
 Skript-Sprachen zu erlernen Du hast ein gutes Gespür für Troubleshooting und verlierst auch in hektischen Zeiten deine Ruhe und deinen guten Humor ni
cht Du kommunizierst fliessend in Deutsch und verfügst zudem über sehr gute Englischkenntnisse Innerhalb dieser Funktion bieten wir dir viel Gestaltun
gsraum und Möglichkeiten, dein Know-how und deine Ideen laufend einzubringen. Wir bekennen Farbe und sind überzeugt, dass Vielfalt eine Chance ist. *A
lle sollen genau so sein, wie sie sind. Wir kreieren ein Arbeitsumfeld, in dem das möglich ist. Franziska Wildi Recruiting Specialist +41 79 524 84 53
KontaktRingier AG(20)18 Jobshttps://www.ringier.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Assistant-e HES Haute Ecole ArcBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Französisch (Fliessend), 
Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Rue de la Serre 7, 2610 St-ImierEmployeur attractif, la HE-Arc applique et encourage l’égalité des chances, propo
se un cadre de travail stimulant, des tâches motivantes et des possibilités de développement à l’ensemble de ses collaboratrices et collaborateurs. So
n savoir-faire et son expérience permettent la progression constante de l’institution et des individus qui la composent. Plantez de solides jalons sur
 la voie de votre avenir professionnel et rejoignez la HE-Arc!    La Haute École Arc Ingénierie  groupe de compétences « Analyse de données » met au c
oncours deux postes de Votre activité Vous participerez à la réalisation de différents projets de recherche et développement appliqués menés dans le g
roupe de compétences « Analyse de données ». Vous serez directement subordonné au responsable du groupe.  Votre profil   Vous êtes titulaire d’un Bach
elor en informatique et répondez aux critères suivants : Connaissances en développement logiciel avec divers langages : Python, Java, C++, C#, etc Ais
ance avec les algorithmes de traitement de données d’ingénieur Connaissances de base des framework de Machine Learning : Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Ker
as, Pytorch Des connaissances de base des modèles de traitement de langage naturel sont un plus. Maîtrise du français et bonnes connaissances de l’ang
lais  Taux d’activité: 100%Lieu d’activité: St-ImierDélai de postulation: 31 mai 2024Entrée en fonction: 1er septembre 2024 ou à convenir Ce poste s’a
dresse sans distinction au personnel féminin ou masculin. Des informations complémentaires peuvent être obtenues auprès du professeur Hatem Ghorbel (É
crire un email), responsable du groupe de compétences.Les offres de service accompagnées des documents d’usage sont à envoyer, par courriel, aux resso
urces humaines du domaine à l’adresse Écrire un email, avec la mention du poste et de la référence TICc18.   https://www.he-arc.ch/he-arc/emploi/     
KontaktHaute Ecole Arc(0)4 Jobshttps://www.he-arc.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Controllerin mit Flair für Analytics (w/m) Basler KantonalbankBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festa
nstellung Arbeitsort:BaselSchwarz und Wyss - unsere Lieblingsfarben seit 1899. Schlicht. Elegant. Gradlinig. Als Arbeitgeberin hingegen sind  wir   er
frischend bunt, vielfältig und divers. Und manchmal ganz anders, als du vielleicht denkst. Wie hier beim Stelleninserat. Denn wer sagt eigentlich, das
s Frauen bei männlichen Texten einfach so mitgemeint sind? Weil wir gerne noch mehr Frauenpower bei der BKB haben wollen, drehen wir darum den Spiess 
einfach um und schreiben in der weiblichen Form. Männer? Sind natürlich auch weiterhin willkommen. Möchtest du mehr dazu erfahren, wer wir sind und wi
e wir so ticken?  Gerne  . Ivana, Lukas, Irene und drei weitere Kolleginnen und Kollegen von der Gruppe Revenue Management & Financial Analytics suche
n Verstärkung. Mit anderen Worten: dich!      Dein neuer Job  Als Partnerin für den Vertrieb und die Gesamtbank zu den Themen Erträge, Kosten und Risi
ken sowie zu strategischen Fragestellungen mit Reporting und Analysen agieren Die Weiterentwicklung und den Unterhalt von bestehenden Dashboards sowie
 die Entwicklung neuer Dashboards mittels SQL und Visualisierungssoftware Tableau sicherstellen Die Neu- und Weiterentwicklung sowie den Unterhalt von
 Automatisierungs- und Analytics-Modellen, wie beispielsweise Forecasts, mittels R oder Python übernehmen Neue Use-Cases im Finanzbereich mit Hilfe vo
n Machine Learning Modellen umsetzen In konzernübergreifenden Projekten im Bereich Finanzen und Risiko, wie beispielsweise die Automatisierung der Rep
ortingerstellung, mitwirken  Davon profitieren wir  Dynamische, offene und eloquente Persönlichkeit mit einem sicheren Auftreten Freude daran, Verantw
ortung zu übernehmen, sich mit analytischen Fragestellungen auseinanderzusetzen und Lösungen im Team für die internen Kunden zu kreieren Abgeschlossen
es Masterstudium in Data Science, Mathematik, Physik oder quantitativen Wirtschaftswissenschaften Programmierkenntnisse in SQL, Python oder R sowie di
e Bereitschaft, neue Technologien zu erproben, zu erlernen und umzusetzen  So profitierst du  Neben einer Bank mit viel Tradition, bei unserer jungen,
 kecken Tochter Bank Cler weitere spannende Wege finden, um den Konzern mitzugestalten Zeitlich flexibel arbeiten, Möglichkeiten für Homeoffice Ein un
aufgeregter, herrlich unkomplizierter Teamgeist Interessante Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten - und wir stehen mit Rat und Tat zur Seite Du erwartest von uns
 ein rundum gutes Anstellungspaket? Recht hast du,  hier   geht es zu den Details und vielen weiteren Vorteilen  Noch Fragen?Gerne! Wenn es um Fachlic
hes geht, freut sich Frank Maier, Leiter Revenue Management & Financial Analytics, unter 061 266 27 50 auf deinen Anruf. Für alle anderen Fragen rund 
um die BKB ist Sandra Ankli gerne für dich da. P.S. Weil wir eine Controllerin und keine Werbetexterin suchen, kannst du dir das Motivationsschreiben 
ersparen. Stattdessen freuen wir uns, wenn du im Bewerbungstool drei kurze Fragen beantwortest. Danke!KontaktSandra AnkliHR Business Partner061 266 33
 42Basler Kantonalbank(2)15 Jobshttps://www.bkb.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Smart Machine Syntegon Packaging Systems AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumSprache:De
utsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Unternehmensbeschreibung   Wir sind bereit Neues zu wagen. Bist du es auch?   Syntegon Technology ist ein
 weltweit führender Anbieter von Prozess- und Verpackungstechnik. Rund 5.800 Kolleg:innen in mehr als 15 Ländern arbeiten für die Syntegon-Gruppe an i
ntelligenten und nachhaltigen Technologien für die Pharma- und Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Die Syntegon Packaging Systems AG in Beringen (SH) ist ein Un
ternehmen der Syntegon-Gruppe und führend im Bereich der Herstellung von Verpackungsmaschinen und Handlingsystemen. Mit rund 700 Mitarbeiterinnen und 
Mitarbeitern realisieren wir innovative, kundenspezifische Verpackungslösungen im Hochleistungsbereich für die Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Gehe den erst
en Schritt! Bewirb dich jetzt! Schnell, bequem und ohne langes Anschreiben! Lade nur deinen CV hoch und beantworte zwei kurze Motivationsfragen.   Ste
llenbeschreibung   * Neues entstehen lassen Du erstellst Web-Frontend zur Anzeige von Prozesswerten (Angular o.Ä). Auch kleinere Backends zur Datenver
waltung sind neu zu konzipieren (Python). * Die Nutzerfreundlichkeit mitgestalten und sichern Du stellst in Zusammenarbeit mit dem UX Team eine intuit
ive Bedienung sicher. * Zuverlässig umsetzen Du entwickelst und testest Lösung mit mobilen Endgeräten. * Daten verstehen und vorbereiten Du analysiers
t Daten aus Datenbanken und erstellst Berichte über Datenqualität oder verbesserst Aufzeichnungsmethoden. Nach dem Klassifizieren der Daten können unt
erschiedliche Lernverfahren exploriert werden.   Qualifikationen   * Ausbildung Du befindest dich im Master, bzw. Bachelorstudium der Informatik, Stat
istik oder einem vergleichbaren Studiengang. * Erfahrungen und Know-How Du hast bereits erste Erfahrungen im Umgang mit Machine Learning und Webproram
mierung gesammelt. Du hast Erfahrungen im Umgang mit MS Office. Programmiererfahrung in Web Applikationen ist von Vorteil. Du hast sehr gute Sprachken
ntnisse in Deutsch und gute Sprachkenntnisse in Englisch. * Persönlichkeit und Arbeitsweise Du hast eine strukturierte und selbständige Arbeitsweise. 
  Zusätzliche Informationen   Beginn: ab sofort / nach Vereinbarung  Dauer: 6 Monate Pensum: 100%  Benefits   Bei uns erwarten dich flexible Arbeitsze
itmodelle für eine ausgewogene Work-Life-Balance - Du gestaltest deinen Arbeitsalltag in einer 40-Stunden-Woche. Freue dich auf eine erstklassige Verp
flegung in unserem Restaurant mit vielfältiger Auswahl an gesunden Ernährungsangeboten. Events wie Raclette- oder Fonduetage bieten eine entspannte At
mosphäre zum Austausch mit deinen Kollegen. Als Teil von Syntegon kannst du von spannenden Rabatten und Aktionen im Rahmen unseres Corporate Benefit P
rogramms profitieren. Dazu gehören «Brand for Employees», Flottenrabatten, subventioniertes Fitnessabo etc..   Kontakt Filiz SözenTel: +41 58 674 7690
 Bei Syntegon am Standort Beringen sind wir über alle Hierarchiestufen hinweg per du. Aus diesem Grund führen wir auch den Rekrutierungsprozess in der
 DU-Form. Gerne kannst du uns in deinen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit unseren Vornamen ansprechen. Syntegon ist ein global agierendes Unternehmen, dem Viel
falt ein wichtiges Anliegen ist. Wir begrüßen ausdrücklich ein Umfeld, in dem alle Mitarbeiter:innen ungeachtet des Geschlechts, Alters, der Herkunft,
 der Religion, sexueller Orientierung, geschlechtlicher Identität sowie besonderer Bedürfnisse gleichwertig sind. Sofern in dieser Stellenanzeige auss
chließlich die männliche Form verwendet wird, dient dies einer besseren Lesbarkeit und bezieht sich auf Personen jeglichen Geschlechts.  Falls Sie als
 unbeauftragter Personalvermittler/-dienstleister Kandidat:innen auf SmartRecruiters hochladen bzw. empfehlen, gelten unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedi
ngungen (AGB) für Personaldienstleister. Diese sind unter folgendem  Link   abrufbar. Mit dem Klick auf «Jetzt Bewerben» oder «Jemanden empfehlen» sti
mmen Sie unseren AGB ausdrücklich zu.  KontaktFiliz SözenSyntegon Packaging Systems AG(1)30 Jobshttps://www.syntegon.com/career/BewerbenJob merkenDies
en Job melden


Senior Product ManagerScandit AGSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch
 (Muttersprache)Arbeitsort:Hardturmstrasse 181, 8005 ZurichAs a Senior Product Manager for Scandit’s Shelfview business, you will be responsible for t
he strategic direction, market validation, and development of Scandit’s Shelfview Price and Promotion Label Execution Module. Working at the intersect
ion of technology and business, you’ll be part of a rapidly growing team that is conceiving, implementing, and bringing to market new and innovative s
olutions built on top of Scandit’s unique and ground-breaking capabilities. You have a product management background, significant experience in retail
 pricing and promotion execution, experience bringing SaaS products to market, and a broad technical understanding of computer vision and AI that allo
ws you to communicate market needs to the engineering team. You are familiar with the relevant toolsets used in technical product management. You enjo
y defining and implementing new and innovative product offerings, but also know how to say no to initiatives that do not scale or don’t have sufficien
t business impact. What You Will Do  Take full responsibility for the success of the product or solution. Work with existing and prospective customers
 to identify their needs. Monitor and improve product-market fit. Own the roadmap and prioritize building what matters most. Develop and convey the pr
oduct vision to internal and external stakeholders. Work closely with the engineering team to drive product development. Coordinate the launch of new 
product features with product marketing and sales operations teams.  Who You Are   BSc or Master’s of Information Systems, Computer Science or Electri
cal Engineering 6+ years of product management experience in a “Deep Tech” B2B SaaS company. Background in computer vision, augmented reality, Auto-ID
, Machine Learning, Strong understanding of retail processes in particular pricing and promotion execution Experience in owning a 3D model design expe
rience on web and mobile platforms Certified Scrum Product Owner with experience in Agile development practices Excellent problem-solving and analytic
al skills. Familiarity with business analytics tools, SQL, and other product management tools is essential. Ability to achieve strategic goals in a fa
st-paced environment. Open-minded, sociable, and communicative. Excellent English communication skills, both oral and written. Eligible to work in Swi
tzerland. You will either be living within commutable distance of our Zurich office or open to relocate.   KontaktCamila BeinetTalent Acquisition Mana
gerE-Mail schreibenScandit AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.scandit.com/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DevOps Engineer Geoinformationssystem Die Schweizerische PostBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse) Arbeitsort:Neuenburg oder Bern und HomeofficeBist du bereit, gemeinsam anspruchsvolle Optimierungsprobleme
 zu lösen und die technologische Basis für eine effiziente Planung auf der letzten Meile zu schaffen? Mit dir bauen wir die neue Systemlandschaft für 
die Routenplanung unserer Zustellung auf. Dabei setzen wir auf eine moderne Microservice Architektur und verwenden auch Machine Learning. Interessiert
 - dann bewirb dich jetzt!  60-100%, Neuenburg oder Bern und Homeoffice   Das kannst du bewirken     Aktuelle und zukünftige Logistik-Themen lassen si
ch nur mit intensiver Nutzung und Verknüpfung von Geoinformationen bewältigen. Mit der Geoinformationssystem (GIS) Plattform kannst du alle relevanten
 Daten erfassen, verwalten, analysieren und präsentieren. Komplexe Zusammenhänge verstehst du schnell und machst sie in Form von interaktiven und intu
itiven Karten sichtbar. Du hast somit direkten Einfluss und Mitverantwortung für erfolgreiche Produkt-Implementierungen der Schweizerischen Post.  Du 
kooperierst mit verschiedenen Ansprechpartnern, Kunden und Lieferanten, und übernimmst gerne die Verantwortung. Als Teil des GIS-Teams arbeitest du en
g mit den Data Scientists zusammen.   Das bringst du mit     Eine Ausbildung in Geo-Informatik oder Informatik, ein Abschluss einer höheren Fachschule
 oder ein vergleichbarer Abschluss mit entsprechenden Kenntnissen im Geoinformationssystem-Umfeld sind erforderlich. Dazu bringst du vertiefte Informa
tik-, Software und Anwendungskenntnisse insbesondere im GIS-Umfeld mit: ArcGIS Enterprise (ArcGIS Server, ArcGIS Portal, ArcGIS Data Store, ArcGIS Web
 Adaptor), ArcGIS Pro, SAFE (FME und FME64), ArcSDE, SQL, Python, PL-SQL. Du bringst ein kunden- und erfolgsorientiertes Mindset mit, lernst gerne von
 anderen Know-how-Trägerinnen und Trägern und freust dich darauf, dein Wissen zu teilen. Du kommunizierst mündlich und schriftlich stilsicher auf Deut
sch oder Französisch und kannst dich sehr gut auf Englisch verständigen.   Das bieten wir dir     6 Wochen Ferien Mobiles und flexibles Arbeiten Halbt
ax oder Beteiligung an GA Personalgutscheine   Kontakt  Martina SondereggerLeiterin P&T Zustellung 2 +41 79 362 19 28  Jahresbruttolohn bei 100%   Job
details   Anstellung  60-100% Unbefristet  Anstellungsort(e)  Neuenburg oder Bern und Homeoffice  Referenznummer  67572  Postbereich  Informatik / Tec
hnologie  Informatik  Der Funktionsbereich Informatik/Technologie prägt als Digitalisierungsmotor die gesamte Post und ist ein wichtiger Erfolgspartne
r: Über die Kernaufgaben der IT hinaus befähigen wir das Unternehmen zur digitalen Transformation. Wir setzen neueste Technologien ein und treiben als
 agile, bi-modale und «embedded» IT Innovationen vorwärts. Wir entwickeln neue, sichere Geschäftsmodelle und gewährleisten für die Post eine moderne, 
performante ICT-Infrastruktur. Weiter übernehmen wir Verantwortung in Sachen Nachhaltigkeit: Unser Hauptsitz in Bern wurde mit zwei Nachhaltigkeits-Ze
rtifikaten ausgezeichnet. Sämtliche neu gebauten Logistikzentren entsprechen mindestens dem «goldenen Nachhaltigkeitsstandard».KontaktDie Schweizerisc
he Post(42)33 Jobshttps://www.post.ch/jobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Professional Software Engineer Mobility 60-100% in Bern Puzzle ITC GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 
100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Belpstrasse 37, 3007 BernMillionen von Menschen sind täglich unterwegs. Ob auf Rädern,
 auf Schienen oder per Raketenantrieb – alle wollen wir sicher und entspannt ans Ziel gelangen. Als Puzzle Mobility inspirieren und entwickeln wir sei
t über 15 Jahren IT-Lösungen im Mobilitätsbereich mit offenen, anschlussfähigen Technologien. Wir verbinden Weitsicht mit technischer Exzellenz und je
der Menge Brachenerfahrung. Wir vernetzen und leben Kollaboration auf allen Ebenen weit über die Unternehmensgrenzen hinaus. Gemeinsam verbessern wir 
nachhaltig die Mobilität von morgen – hast du Lust, mit anzupacken?Wir sind auf der Suche nach einem enthusiastischen Professional Software Engineer, 
der Leidenschaft für den Bereich der Mobilität mitbringt. Java ist dein Ding und Spring-Framework deine bevorzugten Tummelplätze.   WE CARE | WE INVEN
T | WE CONTRIBUTE    We care  Wir bieten dir einen vielseitigen Job mit Möglichkeiten zur aktiven Mitgestaltung Du bist im Einsatz für den öffentliche
n Verkehr von Morgen Du bewegst dich in einem innovativen Umfeld mit viel off-the-job-Fun Du geniesst flexible Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen
 Arbeitsort: Bern Arbeitspensum: 60-100% Start: per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung  You invent  Du übernimmst Verantwortung bei der Backend-Weiterentwi
cklung, dem Support von bestehenden Softwarelösungen und bei Neuentwicklungen Beratend und unterstützend in der Konzeption sowie in der Umsetzung leis
test du einen wichtigen Beitrag zum Erfolg von Softwareentwicklungsprojekten für unsere Kund*innen Du arbeitest konstruktiv und effizient in interdisz
iplinären Teams zusammen mit erfahrenen Software Architektinnen, Graphic Designerinnen und UX-Spezialist*innen Du übernimmst nicht nur innovative Proj
ekte, sondern auch einen wichtigen Teil in unserer Nachwuchsförderung, indem du in der Betreuung der Lernenden mithilfst und dein Fachwissen und deine
 Erfahrungen mit den Lernenden teilst  You contribute  Du hast mindestens drei Jahre Erfahrung in der objektorientierten Softwareentwicklung Deine bev
orzugte Programmiersprache ist Java (mind. 3 Jahre Erfahrung) und du kennst dich mit dem Spring-Framework aus Idealerweise hast du eine Ausbildung in 
Informatik (Uni, FH oder HF) absolviert Analytisches Denken und Verständnis für komplexe Zusammenhänge gehören zu deinen Stärken Du verfügst über sehr
 gute Deutschkenntnisse Du bist motiviert, Projekte und Teams positiv zu prägen und weiterzuentwickeln  Du begeisterst uns zudem, wenn du…  Interesse 
(oder evtl. auch bereits Erfahrung) für weitere Technologien wie Go, Kafka, DevOps, Machine Learning hast bereits Erfahrung hast in der Betreuung von 
Lernenden gerne Tischfussball spielst  Weitere Informationen findest du unter  www.puzzle.ch  . Wir sind unkompliziert und mögen den direkten Kontakt 
zu dir. Deshalb akzeptieren wir keine Bewerbungen von Stellenvermittler*innen. Wir freuen uns über deine Kontaktaufnahme! Puzzle ITC GmbH, Belpstrasse
 37, 3007 Bern,  Gertrud Schober  , E-Mail schreiben, 031 370 22 40KontaktGertrud SchoberPersonalleiterin031 370 22 40E-Mail schreibenPuzzle ITC GmbH(
5)3 Jobshttps://www.puzzle.chSchnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Doctorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols Eidgenössisches Institut für MetrologieBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen
 BlickVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:Bern-Wabern
Doctorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols Laboratoire Particules et aérosols | Entrée en fonction le 1er jui
n 2024 ou date à convenir | Ce poste est limité à une durée de 4 ans L’Institut fédéral de métrologie (METAS) développe des unités de référence reconn
ues au niveau international avec l’exactitude que requièrent l’économie, la recherche et l’administration fédérale. Il dispose à cet effet d’une infra
structure de pointe pour l’étalonnage et l’évaluation de la conformité d’instruments de mesure selon un standard de qualité reconnu sur le plan intern
ational. Dans le cadre d’un projet interdisciplinaire dans le domaine «Real-time bioaerosol monitoring», nous recherchons, en partenariat direct avec 
le laboratoire de recherches en environnements extrêmes (Extreme Environments Research Laboratory) de l’EPFL (Prof. Schmale; EPFL; eerl.epfl.ch) une d
octorante ou un doctorant en recherche sur les aérosols et métrologie des aérosols.  Vos tâches  Êtreresponsable du développement ciblé de générateurs
 d’aérosols ainsi que de la caractérisation physique et chimique des bioaérosols produits dans le cadre d’un travail de doctorat Être responsable de l
’installation de nouveaux ensembles de mesurage et du développement de méthodes de référence pour mesurer la concentration numérique des bioaérosols P
romouvoir l’acceptation de nouvelles possibilités de mesure par la participation à des comparaisons clés, des campagnes sur le terrain et par la publi
cation des résultats conformément aux exigences du doctorat Rédiger une thèse de doctorat    Votre profil  Master dans le domaine des sciences de l’en
vironnement, de la physique ou de la chimie et première expérience dans la métrologie des aérosols et dans le domaine du machine learning. Des connais
sances de programmation en Python sont un atout Connaissances dans l’utilisation d’équipements complexes ainsi que dans la simulation et l’analyse d’e
xpériences Intérêt pour les questions interdisciplinaires Personnalité ouverte, flexible, dotée d’esprit d’équipe, capable de s’adapter rapidement à d
e nouveaux défis. Disposition à travailler à METAS à Berne et à l’EPFL à Sion/Lausanne Connaissances de deux langues officielles et très bonnes connai
ssances de l’anglais à l’oral et à l’écrit    Nous vous offrons une activité exigeante à l’interface entre recherche, économie, société et développeme
nt métrologique. Vous disposerez d’une grande autonomie dans un environnement professionnel collégial.   Votre candidature Pour de plus amples renseig
nements, veuillez vous adresser à: Madame Konstantina Vasilatou, cheffe de laboratoire, Écrire un email, tél. +41 58 387 03 82 Nous nous réjouissons d
e recevoir votre dossier de candidature complet. Veuillez postuler en ligne. Pour ce faire, veuillez cliquer sur «Candidature en ligne». Pour ce poste
, nous ne prenons pas en considération les agences de placement. Le METAS est attentive aux différents parcours de vie et besoins de ses collaboratric
es et collaborateurs et en favorise la diversité. Il accorde la plus haute priorité à l'égalité de traitement.  KontaktEidgenössisches Institut für Me
trologie(1)22 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:28 April 20
24Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagplatz 1, 8005 ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as u
nique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your uniqu
e voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for a
ll.  The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and tr
usted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuarial Consult
ing teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actuarial profes
sionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banking, insuran
ce, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients' issues. Allowing you to develop a wide b
readth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consulting promis
es a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You will work on c
lient assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and modelling tec
hniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our clients. A
ssignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspects of the a
ctuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SST). You wil
l also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior management at ou
r clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad. You will b
e responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery of project s
treams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas, designing 
solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recommendations to
 our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, and enabler
s for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and business de
velopment initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least 3 years of relevant
 work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in:   Software asset d
evelopment Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong desire to 
structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Excellent i
nfrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Economi
cs or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic consulting 
environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and oral commu
nication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong stakeholde
r management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and diverse te
ams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stream. Knowl
edge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.   What w
e look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to act on yo
ur own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and 
inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continuously dev
elop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    Furthermore, we of
fer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the possibility to earn 
an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult International Bu
siness School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and join EY-spe
cific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employees.  Work-
life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our generous
 pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed for paren
ts at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have the chanc
e to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, you will h
ave the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiatives with
in Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity:  EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainable change
 for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences and needs,
 which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles, building more inclusive environments and enabling access to resour
ces and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines ensure the
 equal treatment we aim for. **  For more information, please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Ex
perience. It's Yours To Build. * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni. ** Depending on the rank  EY | Building a better working world   Kon
taktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology Transformation EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:26 April 202
4Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagplatz 1, 8005 ZurichAt EY, you will have the chance 
to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we are
 counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a bett
er working world for all. Als Experte für Technologiestrategie und -Transformation bei EY wirst du massgeblich dazu beitragen, die Zukunft unserer Kun
den zu gestalten, ihre Betriebsmodelle und Anwendungsumgebungen zu transformieren und zu optimieren, um in einer sich wandelnden digitalen Welt erfolg
reich zu sein. Deine Beiträge werden entscheidend sein, um robuste Technologie- und digitale Transformationen zu ermöglichen, um sicherzustellen, dass
 unsere Kunden mit modernen Lösungen und nachhaltigen Strategien 'fit für die Zukunft' sind. Schliesse dich uns an, um einen Unterschied zu machen, wä
hrend wir Industriestandards neu definieren und unsere Kunden in eine visionäre Zukunft führen.  Deine Hauptaufgaben   Expertise in aufkommenden Techn
ologietrends wie Cloud Computing, Datenanalyse, Machine Learning und Künstliche Intelligenz; Bewertung deren Einflüsse auf die Marktdynamik, Kundenbet
rieb und potenzielle Geschäftsmodelle. Unterstützung von technologiezentrierten Geschäftstransformationen mit agilen und traditionellen Projektmanagem
ent Ansätzen. Leitung und Unterstützung von technologiegetriebenen Initiativen durch Koordination der Ressourcen- und Aktivitätenplanung und der Erste
llung von Lieferobjekten. Steuerung von (IT-)Kostenreduzierungsprogrammen durch die Identifizierung von Effizienzsteigerungsbereichen und die Optimier
ung von Ausgaben. Durchführung und Unterstützung von Assessments, Design- und IT-Implementierungsprojekten. Effektive Kommunikation und Präsentation v
on Arbeitsergebnissen/Leistungen/Erfolgen gegenüber Stakeholdern, Kunden und dem höheren Management. Engagement und Beitrag zu dynamischen, multidiszi
plinären Teamumgebungen durch aktive Zusammenarbeit.     Deine Kompetenzen   Mindestens 8-10 Jahre Erfahrung im Finanzdienstleistungssektor und in der
 Management Beratung mit Schwerpunkt auf technologie-/digitale Transformation. Eine Leidenschaft für Informationstechnologien, digitale Innovation, Un
ternehmenstransformation und Finanzdienstleistungen. Ein Abschluss in Wirtschaftsinformatik, Informationstechnologie, oder Betriebswirtschaft mit star
ker Technologieaffinität (oder gleichwertig). Nachgewiesene Problemlösungs- und analytische Denkfähigkeit und Anpassungsfähigkeit. Umfangreiche Erfahr
ung in der Identifizierung von Geschäftsproblemen sowie die Fähigkeit, Lösungsansätze, Optionen und Designs zu definieren. Grundlagen/Erfahrung in der
 Programmierung sind von Vorteil. Ausgeprägte Problemlösungsfähigkeit und gutes Business Judgment. Starke schriftliche und mündliche Kommunikationsfäh
igkeit auf Deutsch und auf Englisch mit der Fähigkeit, effektiv auf allen Managementebenen und mit Partnern aus einer Vielzahl von Geschäftsfunktionen
 zu kommunizieren.     Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit, in einem vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeite
nden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusammenarbeiten, von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn
 wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönliche Entwicklung und Weiterbildung unserer  Mitarbeitenden  .   Hier   er
fährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility.   Haben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine voll
ständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeugnissen und Diplomen. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an
 unser Recruiting Team wenden (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).    The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young A
G)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagplatz 1, 8005 ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as uniq
ue as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique v
oice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.
  The opportunity  Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted
 advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuarial Consulting t
eams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actuarial professiona
ls across 17 countries.  Your Key Responsibilities   Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banking, insurance, and r
einsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients' issues. Allowing you to develop a wide breadth of
 skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consulting promises a fast
 paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You will work on client ass
ignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and modelling techniques t
o achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our clients. Assignment
s in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspects of the actuarial 
profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SST). You will also ha
ve the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior management at our clients
 and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad. You will be respons
ible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery of project streams an
d internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas, designing solutions
, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recommendations to our clie
nts in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, and enablers for a r
ange of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and business development
 initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success   At least 7 years of relevant work exper
ience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in:   Software asset development 
Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong desire to structure a
nd solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Excellent infrastructu
re and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Economics or relat
ed. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic consulting environment
 and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and oral communication sk
ills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong stakeholder managemen
t skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and diverse teams across 
functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stream. Knowledge in mac
hine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.   What we look for 
  You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to act on your own init
iative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer   EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and inclusive env
ironment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continuously develop yourself
 as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.  Furthermore, we offer attractive 
benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:     Further education: At EY, you have the possibility to earn an accredited Mas
ters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult International Business School, fr
ee of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and join EY-specific knowledge s
haring sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employees.  Work-life balance: Tak
e 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our generous pension fund pla
ns and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed for parents at EY will hel
p you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have the chance to choose one o
f our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, you will have the chance to
 make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiatives within Switzerland an
d abroad.  Social Equity:  EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainable change for greater soci
al equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences and needs, which we all nee
d to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles, building more inclusive environments and enabling access to resources and opportuni
ties so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines ensure the equal treatment 
we aim for. **    For more information, please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It's 
Yours To Build. * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni. ** Depending on the rank  EY | Building a better working world   KontaktEY (Ernst &
 Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100% EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique a
s you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice
 and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.   T
he opportunity    The rapidly growing Forensic Technology & eDiscovery department is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opp
ortunity to help us develop and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinar
y group of professionals who are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our
 technical knowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and acceler
ate the fact-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic 
knowhow for a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlatio
n engines, social network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities
       Working in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collab
orating with clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial s
ituations Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients Supporting the leadership te
am and the project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    D
egree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and at least 3 years of hands on experience in eDiscovery and digital investigation i
n a reputable consulting/eDiscovery firm At least 3 years of experience with Relativity, Nuix, SQL and other state-of-the-art eDiscovery tools Solid k
nowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Assertive and 
proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively within large 
organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required - any additional language is a plus     
 What we offer    International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve -
 a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility 
Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Busine
ss School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.
 Make the next step and apply for this position online. For further information please contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66
).   The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Job
shttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management Consulting PwCBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum
:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Grundkenntnisse)Arbeitsort:Birchstrasse 160, 8050 ZürichWe in PwC are passionate to help our clients to mo
ve towards what we call a "patient-centric" quality approach: We believe that Quality is the lifeblood of a Life Science organization. It is the root 
of the business, not just there for compliance but to support the growth and healthiness of the whole organisation. To grow effectively and manage the
 network of cross-functional, branching processes well, you need not only connected technology systems but also a Quality culture. Quality is a living
 breathing part of the organisation, tended by trained and passionate staff throughout the business, driving operational excellence with the ultimate 
goal to benefit the patient.100%  Your Impact     You will, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders fro
m high-profile clients across the Life Sciences industry. The projects typically include transforming (quality) operating models and implementing digi
tal and analytics (quality) platforms across R&D, manufacturing / supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through chan
ging quality culture / mind-sets, improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytic
s and AI. The outcomes we help clients deliver include driving faster development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and ext
ernal data through advanced analytics and machine learning, improving quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all th
ose across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, with particular focus on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical 
affairs. The role will work closely with our consulting teams covering commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value ch
ain. You will work with international clients and we will provide you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switze
rland and abroad. You will be collaborating with PwC's global network of life sciences and Technology experts, you will have access to our market lead
ing propositions, methodologies, assets and training materials. You will work in a fast-growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiali
ty and strong teamwork.   Your Skill Set     You have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus initial experience working 
in life sciences, either as a consultant or within R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company. You have had exposure to some of the f
ollowing areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality system improvement / maintenance, proces
s improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics technologies in a GxP regulated environment. You pay attention to detail, have strong
 problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. You are passionate about "quality" and believe that quality is a catalyst to drive busines
s performance and innovation in the health industries and markets. You have excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening and communication skills. 
You are fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clients. You are a pa
ssionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with clients and colleagues after work.   Your Contact  Francisca Richter  About PwC  PwC S
witzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations 
and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwC(13)24 Jobshttps://www.pwc.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist (f/m/d)Bechtle Suisse SABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:12 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Chemin L
ouis-Hubert 1, 1213 Petit-Lancy  Be your best with Bechtle    Avec plus de 14 000 employés, nous sommes l'une des entreprises informatiques les plus p
rospères et les leaders du marché dans  notre secteur.L'association de la vente directe de produits informatiques et d'une gamme complète de prestatio
ns de services proposée par les différentes sociétés de services informatiques fait de nous un partenaire informatique fort et porteur d'avenir (« zuk
unftsstark ») pour les entreprises moyennes, les grands groupes et le secteur public. Nous sommes chez nous dans toute l'Europe et toujours près de ch
ez vous.  Avec plus de 15 000 employés, nous sommes l'une des entreprises informatiques les plus prospères et les leaders du marché dans notre secteur
.   Pour l'un de nos clients du domaine public à Genève, nous recherchons un·e Data Scientist  Ta mission        Collecter, nettoyer, et préparer des 
données de sources variées pour assurer des analyses précises. Appliquer des techniques statistiques et des algorithmes d'apprentissage automatique po
ur développer des modèles performants en Deep Learning, Computer Vision, et traitement du langage naturel. Conduire des analyses exploratoires pour id
entifier des tendances et des corrélations dans les données qui peuvent influencer les décisions stratégiques. Évaluer et ajuster la performance des m
odèles pour garantir leur efficacité en production. Collaborer avec les équipes de développement pour l'intégration et le déploiement sécurisé des mod
èles.    Ton profil    Diplômé en statistiques, mathématiques, informatique ou dans un domaine similaire, avec au minimum 5 ans d'expérience en data s
cience. Maîtrise avancée de Python et Jupyter, ainsi que des bibliothèques spécialisées telles que TensorFlow, PyTorch, et Scikit-learn. Compétences a
pprofondies en traitement du langage naturel, machine learning et deep learning, utilisées pour développer des solutions innovantes. Expertise dans la
 gestion et l'analyse de grandes bases de données avec une compréhension approfondie des méthodes statistiques et des algorithmes d'optimisation. Auto
nomie dans la conception, le développement et le déploiement d'algorithmes et de modèles de data science, avec une capacité avérée à intégrer ces modè
les dans des applications opérationnelles.   Notre proposition  Conditions de travail avantageuses : 6 semaines de vacances par an et un plan de prévo
yance attractif  Modern Workplace : dernières technologies et environnement de travail moderne Diversité : des tâches intéressantes et changeantes dan
s un secteur tourné vers l'avenir    Numéro d'emploi : ZYQQX192  Kevin Brosse | +41 21 632 68 11 |     Bechtle Suisse SA  Bechtle Suisse SA dispose de
 compétences certifiées dans les domaines stratégiques : Infrastructure IT, Virtualisation, Information Management, Managed Services, Skills Managemen
t, Data& Analytics, Printing Solutions et E-Commerce. Grâce à ces compétences et à de solides et durables partenariats avec les principaux acteurs du 
marché, nous proposons une gamme modulaire et parfaitement cohérente de produits et de services pour couvrir l'ensemble des besoins de nos clients. No
tre proximité, notre vision globale de l'infrastructure et de la gestion de projets font de nous un acteur incontournable du marché. Nos 1000 collabor
ateurs motivés sont nos meilleurs atouts pour assurer rapidité, flexibilité et expertise.KontaktBechtle Suisse SA(0)14 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Analyste de données marketing et intelligence d'affaires Transports publics genevois (TPG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:16 Mai 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärArbeitsort:Rond-Point de Rive 1, 1204 Genève Grâce aux plus de 2'200 collaborateurs-trices, nous sommes un acteur de référen
ce de la mobilité dans la région genevoise en œuvrant quotidiennement au service de la collectivité. Afin d'améliorer le quotidien du plus grand nombr
e, nous sommes amenés à nous développer sans cesse. C'est pour cela qu'aux Transports Publics Genevois, nous comptons sur nos talents et pourquoi pas 
bientôt sur vous ? Nous tenons à offrir à tous nos collaborateurs-trices :  un cadre de travail flexible et innovant des perspectives de carrière dyna
miques et évolutives des conditions sociales attractives  Chez nous, tout le monde est le bienvenu et nous sommes persuadés que votre place est ici. E
tes-vous prêt-e pour cette nouvelle expérience ? Alors rejoignez-nous !  Dans le cadre du développement du domaine Marketing, Vente et Communication, 
nous mettons au concours un poste d'      Analyste de données marketing et intelligence d'affaires  (Contrat de durée maximale 2 ans)       Votre miss
ion Analyser et valoriser les données à disposition de l'entreprise en les transformant en informations fiables et exploitables, proposer des solution
s permettant de stimuler le chiffre d'affaires, améliorer la performance et contribuer aux objectifs stratégiques de l'entreprise.    Vos responsabili
tés principales    Identifier, recueillir et traiter les données structurées et non structurées provenant des systèmes d'information tpg ou de source 
externe, les filtrer et les consolider afin d'établir des indicateurs pertinents pour l'analyse de ces données, participer à l'identification des dysf
onctionnements ou moyens de collecter de nouvelles données en provenance d'autres sources ainsi qu'à la définition des recommandations ou solutions, a
nalyser les données afin d'identifier les opportunités ou mesurer les écarts de performance et leurs causes, définir un plan d'actions avec la collabo
ration de l'expertise métier selon les indicateurs établis, communiquer les rapports de synthèse d'analyse de données avec les préconisations définies
, gérer les outils d'analyse et leur évolution,  construire et faire évoluer les rapports d'analyse et tableaux de bord afin de permettre aux parties 
prenantes d'avoir une vision cohérente sur les résultats d'activité, mener des études de marché, construire des modèles prédictifs et participer au dé
veloppement de l'architecture IT, suivre, mettre à jour et adapter les modèles de répartition des recettes et charges des communautés tarifaires, être
 le référent métier la gestion des données collectées.     Votre profil   Formation universitaire ou jugée équivalente, avec orientation statistique, 
économétrie et/ou informatique, une spécialisation en traitement de données est un atout (data science, data engineering, data visualisation), connais
sances approfondies de techniques statistiques et de datamining, des langages de bases de données SQL, des outils d'analyses de donnée, de Data Visual
isation et de de programmation pour faciliter le post traitement et application du machine learning, minimum 5 années d'expérience professionnelle dan
s une entreprise de services, dont 3 ans en qualité d'analyste marketing et/ou business intelligence, analyste données ou poste équivalent, une expéri
ence pratique en data science et data visualisation ou de modélisation prédictive et/ou prescriptive est un atout, connaissances juridiques et régleme
ntaires de la gestion de données, excellente organisation, rigueur dans le suivi des dossiers et respect des délais, forte orientation résultats, forc
e de proposition, réactivité, excellentes aptitudes relationnelles et rédactionnelles, aisance à parler en public.     Êtes-vous intéressé-e ?  Si vou
s êtes intéressé-e par cette belle opportunité professionnelle et que vous répondez aux exigences définies, vous êtes invité-e à nous adresser votre d
ossier de candidature complet.Nous nous appliquons à réduire au maximum notre impact sur l'environnement, c'est pourquoi nous acceptons uniquement les
 dossiers complets reçus sur notre plateforme de recrutement.     KontaktTransports publics genevois (TPG)(0)7 Jobshttps://www.tpg.ch/BewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Consultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscovery EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:ZurichAt EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the globa
l scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice and perspective to help 
EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.  The Forensic Technology & e
Discovery team is a group of technical specialists that leverages data and technology to investigate high-profile financial crime matters related to f
raud, corruption, money-laundering, misconducts and support the enforcement of regulatory requirements. The nature of our work requires the collection
, processing and management of large sets of communications, documents and records from a wide array of information systems. We combine deep investiga
tion expertise with Forensic and eDiscovery technology to accelerate the fact-finding process.    The opportunity   The rapidly growing Forensic depar
tment is currently seeking the right candidates for an excellent career opportunity in the Forensic Technology and eDiscovery team. You will be respon
sible for providing critical support to our teams of investigators, clients, legal counsels and regulators in fact-finding activities. Our methodology
 incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as natural language processing, machine learning, predictive coding, social network analysis an
d automation. You will receive training on our forensic technologies and the opportunity to contribute to innovation. You will have a unique, career c
hanging opportunity to play a key role in the growth and strategy of the team.     Your key responsibilities   Working in engagement teams, carrying o
ut both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data. Collaborating with clients, fraud investigators, in
ternal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations. Working in our dedicated Forensic 
Technology & eDiscovery lab and secure platform to help clients secure and uncover facts with the use of technology. Innovating and developing new sol
utions to answer current and future needs of our clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager on the operational level and acting a
s a role model and coach for more junior team members.     Skills and attributes for success  To qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelo
r or Master) in all fields related to Computer Science, Engineering and other technical majors Strong problem solving, analytical, technical, and inte
rpersonal skills Consulting-oriented mindset, flexibility and "can-do" approach Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (German o
r French) is a plus).     Ideally, you'll also have   Experience with Relativity, Nuix, and other state-of-the-art Forensic Technology & eDiscovery to
ols. Solid programming skills with Python, R, SQL or other main programming languages Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics     Wha
t we offer   International  multi-cultural   team of highly motivated professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve - a syst
em of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transpa
rent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business Scho
ol, whilst working with EY, completely free*     * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.      If you can demonstrate that you meet the crit
eria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position (ID: 814785) online. For further information please 
contact our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.    KontaktEY (Ernst & Young
 AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager - Business Consulting - Digital Supply Chain Planning EY (Ernst & Young AG)BewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:1
00%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Maagpl. 1, 8005 Zurich At EY, you'll have the chance to build a career as unique as yo
u are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we're counting on your unique voice and
 perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The
 opportunity  Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted advi
ce to clients, combining end to end supply chain strategy, procurement and product portfolio management. In the area of Supply Chain & Operations you 
will accompany organizations in the implementation of company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning programs - from strategy and concept to developmen
t and implementation.    Your key responsibilities   Accompany organizations in the implementation of company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning pr
ograms - from strategy and concept to development and implementation. Support CSCOs and COOs of some of the leading global companies in designing and 
implementing their Supply Chain planning transformations as the world becomes digital, consumer needs change and the shape of the supply networks fund
amentally changes Play a central role delivering transformation as well as advising our clients and their business partners on how to continue to driv
e top line and bottom-line improvements specifically in the area of Supply Chain Planning: effectively manage and synchronize customer demand, supply 
chain assets, and working capital to drive and deliver improvements in customer service levels, supply chain costs, and working capital    The functio
nal scope includes the entirety of the planning domain: demand planning and forecasting including machine learning, supply planning, inventory plannin
g, distribution requirement planning, MRP, allocation, detailed scheduling including line constraints and CRP, and the overarching S&OE, and S&OP / IB
P processes.    Support from strategy creation to implementation of supply chain digital and analytics capabilities working closely with Technology, T
ransactions, PLM and Sustainability teams Maintain an understanding of advancements in technology and innovations which are happening across digital, 
analytics, the supply chain ecosystem and broader marketplace Support the business in developing EY knowledge and concepts for our practice, whilst al
so actively establishing, maintaining and strengthening internal and external relationships Establish and strengthen client relationships with the CSC
O, as well as COO, CFO, CPO, and Operations executives     Skills and attributes for success   6+ years of experience at a top tier management consult
ing and/or project leadership experience in the industry in complex and significant transformation programs within Supply Chain. Strong analytical and
 problem-solving skills, rigorous working methods, high motivation and an entrepreneurial and customer-oriented mindset Proven project management expe
rience, with ability to lead and mobilize cross-functional teams and deliver complex and high-impact programs Sector experience in Consumer Products a
nd/or Life Sciences industries Empathetic personality, excellent team leadership skills and enjoy working in a collaborative and inclusive environment
 A strong interest in digital and some working experience with tools such as SAP IBP, OMP, o9 , E2Open, BlueYonder, Kinaxis, Logility, Aera, RPA / ML 
/ intelligent automation and ERP systems Experience in project sales activities, e.g. proposal creation / business development, and understanding of b
usiness metrics Excellent English skills and fluent in either German (preferred) or French - additional languages are assets Ideally Zurich-based with
 flexibility & willingness to travel regionally and globally A degree in supply chain, business administration, industrial engineering with top result
s     What we offer  EY Switzerland offers you to work in a diverse and inclusive environment with around 3,000 employees from 64 different countries.
 You will collaborate with the best, learn from the best and continually grow, as we invest a significant portion of our annual turnover in the person
al development and training of our  employees  . Click  here   to find out more about our benefits and corporate social responsibility.    Have we spa
rked your interest? We look forward to receiving your complete application with CV, cover letter and certificates.  For more information, please conta
ct our recruitment team (Write an email / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It's yours to build.   KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5
)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director of Digital Services Omya AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baslerstr
asse 42, 4665 OftringenThe Director of Digital Services oversees all technology initiatives as part of the digital transformation of our enterprise an
d manufacturing processes. This role involves managing teams responsible for planning, building, and executing related solutions and services. This ro
le will oversee the work units of Business Engagement (the regional and functional business relationship managers), Solution Design & Implementation, 
and Service Operations. The primary objective of Digital Services is to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of all solutions and/or services supporting th
e business - enabling sales & marketing, supply-chain, sustainability, production, and plant-quarry logistics, finance, and HR, and assuring the maxim
um value can be derived from the systems being used and the data being produced. This role focuses of deploying technologies to ensure cost-efficient,
 effective, safe and secure business operations. The position is part of the Digital Transformation Leadership and co-responsible for driving the digi
tal transformation of the organization, leveraging the latest technologies and trends to enhance the customer experience, optimize operations, foster 
new business models, and promote the adoption of a digital transformation culture throughout the organization. Job main responsibilities  Lead the str
ategic direction and execution of all technological initiatives aimed at advancing the digital transformation of the enterprise. Oversee the developme
nt, implementation, and optimization of digital solutions and services, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives, financial conditions, quali
ty standards, best practices, and methodologies. Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to identify business requirements, assess technology n
eeds, and prioritize initiatives to drive continuous improvement and competitive advantage. Serve as a trusted advisor to senior leadership, providing
 insights and recommendations on technology investments, resource allocation, and strategic initiatives to drive long-term growth and sustainability. 
Work closely with business units and functional teams to prioritize initiatives, develop a comprehensive plan, and expertly oversee its execution. Dri
ve the adoption of emerging technologies, such as AI, machine learning, and IoT, to drive innovation and streamline processes across the existing digi
tal landscape. Stay abreast of the latest trends, technologies, market dynamics and best practices in the digital services domain to proactively ident
ify opportunities for innovation and improvement. Establish and maintain strategic partnerships with technology vendors and service providers to lever
age cutting-edge tools, resources, and expertise for optimal outcomes. Manage the end-to-end service lifecycle of solutions/services, from initiation 
to transition into operation, ensuring that service levels, agreements, and expectations are met or exceeded. Identify and mitigate risks, issues, and
 incidents related to the service operations, and mitigate as appropriate. Monitor and report on the value creation of the digital transformation road
map, of the related new solution and measure the effectiveness and impact of digital solutions/services, making data-driven decisions to optimize perf
ormance and ROI. Lead a multidisciplinary team in planning, designing, and deploying innovative technologies to enhance operational efficiency, produc
tivity, and customer experience. Foster a culture of excellence, collaboration, innovation, and continuous learning within the digital services team, 
empowering individuals to achieve their full potential and contribute to organizational success. Foster a culture of innovation and experimentation, e
ncouraging the exploration and adoption of modern technologies and approaches within the business and in collaboration the digital services team. Lead
, coach, and develop a high-performing team of business relationship managers, solution managers, service owners, service managers, engineers, and ana
lysts based on the defined culture and company values. Develop a deep understanding of customers, markets and competitors to inform the digital strate
gy.  Candidate profile requirements  Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or related field, and master's degree in technology managemen
t or business administration; or equivalent work experience. Minimum 10 years of experience in a senior leadership position within an international Di
gital transformation department or IT, demonstrating the ability to lead teams and drive strategic initiatives. Minimum 15 years of experience in serv
ice operations, solution design, implementation, and digital transformation Track record of delivering large-scale digital transformation projects wit
hin complex organizations. Demonstrated experience in leading organizational change management efforts, including driving cultural transformation and 
overcoming resistance to change. Experience collaborating with diverse stakeholders across multiple business functions to align digital strategies wit
h overall business objectives and priorities. Experience overseeing the implementation of transformative technologies such as ERP systems, CRM platfor
ms, digital marketing tools, or e-commerce solutions. Proficiency in strategic planning, roadmap development and setting KPI's. Demonstrated ability t
o foster a culture of innovation, experimentation, and continuous learning within the organization, including staying abreast of emerging technologies
 and industry trends. Strong executive presence and communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to no
n-technical stakeholders, including senior executives and board members. Strong knowledge and experience in applying ITIL, COBIT, Portfolio and Projec
t Management, and DevOps principles and practices to solution design and service operations. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making s
kills, with the ability to balance competing priorities and trade-offs. Highly motivated, self-directed, as well as results-oriented, with a passion f
or excellence and customer-centricity. Travel when needed.  Application Please apply via the following link:  https://emea2.softfactors.com/job-openin
g/ebfrasryqPbafhygvat-5dVplKj5ChMayMs120#!/?lang=en&mw_source=Omya    Contact Daniel Burkhalter T +41 79 456 17 37KontaktOmya (Schweiz) AG(6)25 Jobsht
tps://www.omya.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital Pathology Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englis
ch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:BernRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, P
hysics, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)AP
PLICATION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS:
 Full-timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Sk?odowska-Cur
ie Actions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (
DC). This DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. Th
e primary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Scie
nce at the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of T
issue Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of 
the secondary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure th
is, a portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to com
putational biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023,
 she led the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies f
or personalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and
 pediatric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, 
with a particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentr
ated on cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. 
Inti Zlobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to
 Odyssey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer
 scientists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand
, to build tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptom
ic and protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for
 Digital & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for
 Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD stud
ents related to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in t
he field of cardiovascular inflammation. Tasks  Key Responsibilities:  Develop deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. Train
 this model using both publicly available single-cell data in CMD diseases, as well as spatially resolved molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners
. Focus on model interpretability to identify significant spatial regions and immune profiles. Investigate and address uncertainties in AI models, ada
pting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Contribute to scientific recommendations on AI model robustness. Expect
ed Outcomes: Novel interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. A novel AI-based classifier of immune profiles.   R
equirements  REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field,
 such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a good understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiolog
y, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry, will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their
 degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements:
 REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills:  Able to perform team-oriented as well as inde
pendent work Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python. Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, 
probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communication skills in English (both written and spoke
n) Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowledge of interpretable deep learning methods. Go
od understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.   We offer  The Faculty of Medicine at the University of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educa
tes over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjec
ts, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of death. Through collaborative research with the Uni
versity of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental
 science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach positions the faculty as a leader in both educa
tion and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:   https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html     https://www.
cvrc.unibe.ch/    Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus family allowance if applicable, family status is ass
essed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and employee's National insurance deductions and will b
e paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train a new generation of researchers working on the
 latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage biology in the context of cardiometabolic disease
. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissues that are associated with disease initiation, 
development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of chronic inflammatory diseases and their treatmen
t. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve doctoral candidates will receive tailored traini
ng that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation as well as develop strategies to suppress them, 
via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modelling approaches. Moreover, they will be able to de
velop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinicians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. I
t is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic institutions in the MIRACLE network that will signi
ficantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructures, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at 
the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the scientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network cons
ists of the following institutions and companies:  Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coordinator) Maastricht University, NL University 
of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven University of Bern AstraZeneca University of Cali
fornia San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atherosclerosis Society  Applications will be consider
ed on a rolling basis until June 30, 2024. Interested candidates should submit a short letter of interest outlining their reasons for applying to our 
group, a curriculum vitae including the names of two references, a list of publications, and copies of academic qualification certificates as a single
 PDF file by email to: E-Mail schreiben. For more information, visit  our website  .KontaktUniversität Bern(4)108 Jobshttps://www.unibe.chBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital Pathology Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englis
ch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Hochschulstrasse 4, 3008 BernRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field
, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the da
te of the recruitment)APPLICATION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporar
y, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZO
N / Marie Sk?odowska-Curie Actions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD studen
t / Doctoral Candidate (DC). This DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 
1st of February 2024. The primary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical
 Informatics & Data Science at the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher
 with the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and
 will join the group of the secondary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups i
s expected. To ensure this, a portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics.
 She transitioned to computational biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA)
. Between 2013 and 2023, she led the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel co
mputational strategies for personalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia
 focused on prostate and pediatric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artifici
al intelligence models, with a particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, h
er research has concentrated on cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of 
B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Zlobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzer
land, where she leads to Odyssey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology researc
h hub, bringing computer scientists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research g
roup are on the one hand, to build tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the late
st spatial (transcriptomic and protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pat
hology Working Group for Digital & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team 
member of the Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medic
ine (BCPM). The PhD students related to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scie
ntists specializing in the field of cardiovascular inflammation. Tasks  Key Responsibilities:  Develop a multi-scale model of the immune system to inv
estigate inflammation by extending existing models (focused on T and B cell biology) to include macrophages. Train this model using both publicly avai
lable single-cell data in CMD diseases. Using the developed model, characterize the dynamical interplay and cellular communication between T cells and
 macrophages in atherosclerosis. Integrate spatial molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners to enable accurate cellular simulations of CMDs. Inves
tigate and address uncertainties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Expected Outcomes: De
velopment of an accurate model for the mechanistic investigation of chronic inflammation and CMD. Innovative models to explore therapeutic interventio
ns in CMD. Development of new interpretable deep learning methods for multi-omics data integration.   Requirements  REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (
MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science
, etc. Additionally, a good understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sc
iences, or Biochemistry, will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the 
applicant should be able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both wri
tten and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills:  Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python.
 Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communicat
ion skills in English (both written and spoken). Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowle
dge of interpretable deep learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.   We offer  The Faculty of Medicine at the Universit
y of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty 
emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of deat
h. Through collaborative research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physio
logy and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach p
ositions the faculty as a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:   https://www.me
dizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html      https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/    Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus famil
y allowance if applicable, family status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and empl
oyee's National insurance deductions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train
 a new generation of researchers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage bi
ology in the context of cardiometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissue
s that are associated with disease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of c
hronic inflammatory diseases and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve d
octoral candidates will receive tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation a
s well as develop strategies to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modellin
g approaches. Moreover, they will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinic
ians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic inst
itutions in the MIRACLE network that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructure
s, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the s
cientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies:  Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coo
rdinator) Maastricht University, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven Un
iversity of Bern AstraZeneca University of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atheros
clerosis Society   MIRACLE   Applications will be considered on a rolling basis until June 30, 2024. Interested candidates should submit a short lette
r of interest outlining their reasons for applying to our group, a curriculum vitae including the names of two references, a list of publications, and
 copies of academic qualification certificates as a single PDF file by email to: E-Mail schreiben. For more information, visit  our website  .KontaktU
niversität Bern(4)108 Jobshttps://www.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Entwicklungsingenieur für Systemsimulation (m/w/d) Rheinmetall Air Defence AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Zürich WOFÜR WIR SIE SUCHEN   Suchen Sie eine Tätigkeit mit Gestaltungsspielraum und Entw
icklungsmöglichkeiten? Dann sind Sie bei uns genau richtig! Wir bieten Ihnen ein dynamisches Umfeld mit der Möglichkeit, sich einzubringen und einen E
inblick in viele spannende Projekte zu bekommen.  Zu Ihren Aufgaben gehören insbesondere:  Erarbeiten von Systemlösungen und Durchführen von umfassend
en System-Simulationen Realisierungen von Feuerleitungen und intelligenten Ablaufsteuerungen in der Flugabwehr Anwenden von bekannten Werkzeugen und S
prachen aus dem Bereich Data Science, Signaltechnik und Machine/Deep Learning (Matlab, C++, Python) Designen von Softwaremodulen mit Model-Based Desig
n Ansatz Fachliches Führen von komplexen Entwicklungsaufgaben im Teamverbund Erstellen von System- und Schnittstellenspezifikationen Eigenständiges Er
arbeiten und Umsetzen von Softwarelösungen Mitarbeiten bei Erprobungen, Feldversuchen und Kundenabnahmen im In- und Ausland Auswerten von Testresultat
en sowie Verfassen von Studien und Berichten   WAS SIE MITBRINGEN SOLLTEN   Hochschulabschluss als Ingenieur in einem der folgenden Gebiete: Computer 
Science, Robotics, System and Control; Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnologie, Data Science, Maschineningenieurwissenschaften oder vergleichbare V
ertiefte Kenntnisse in Machine/Deep Learning, Signaltechnik, Optimierungen, Datenfusion Kenntnisse aus mindestens einem dieser Bereiche: Radartechnik,
 Lasertechnik, elektrische Motoren, Bildverarbeitung, Infrarottechnik, Echtzeitsysteme, Messtechnik Sehr gute Anwenderkenntnisse mit Matlab, idealerwe
ise auch C/C++, und typische SW Entwicklungstools (Git) Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Flexibilität für Kurzaufenthalte
 im Kundenland (wenige Tage bis einige Wochen) Hohe Selbstständigkeit und gleichzeitige Fähigkeit zur Zusammenarbeit in interdisziplinären und interku
lturellen Teams   WAS WIR IHNEN BIETEN   An unserem Standort in Zürich bieten wir Ihnen:   Flexible Arbeitszeiten (Gleit- und Vertrauensarbeitszeit); 
Home-Office, wo möglich und sinnvoll Sehr gute Sozialleistungen und ein erfolgsorientiertes Gehalt Sofort ab Eintritt im Krankheitsfall erfolgt die vo
lle Gehaltsfortzahlung (inkl. 13. Monatslohn) vom ersten bis max. zum 730. Tag Mitarbeitervorteile eines Großkonzerns, z. B. betriebliche Altersvorsor
ge, Mitarbeiteraktienkaufprogramm und gratis Grippeimpfung Förderung von bedarfsgerechter Weiterbildung Personalrestaurant sowie externe Verpflegungs-
 und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten in der Nähe Verschiedene Vergünstigungen (z.B. Versicherungsprodukte, Mobiltelefonabonnemente) Individuelle interne sowie e
xterne Personalentwicklungsmaßnahmen in Zusammenarbeit mit unserer Rheinmetall-Academy Case Management und individuelle Sozialbetreuung Arbeitsplatz w
enige Gehminuten vom Bahnhof Zürich-Oerlikon entfernt, Bushaltestelle vor dem Haus   KONTAKTDETAILS  Zuständige/r Ansprechpartner/in: Jascha Köster Fü
r Fragen zu Ihrer Bewerbung, nutzen Sie bitte das Kontaktformular.  Wir weisen darauf hin, dass Dossiers von Personalvermittlern nicht berücksichtigt 
werden. KontaktRheinmetall Air Defence AG(0)25 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning EngineerAlohi SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Oktober 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Plan-les-OuatesMachine Le
arning EngineerAlohi SA, headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, brings together a team of highly competent engineers that focus on merging state-of-the
-art technologies with compelling user experience to simplify and enhance life for companies and people worldwide. The company provides SIGN.PLUS (a l
egally binding electronic signature) and FAX.PLUS (online faxing) services to over 3,000,000 customers worldwide. At Alohi, we began our journey with 
an initial seed investment from Fongit “Fondation Genevoise pour l’Innovation Technologique” which is backed by the state of Geneva. But instead of re
lying on external funding to fuel our growth, we’ve chosen to bootstrap our way to success. This approach has allowed us to prioritize our customers a
nd build products that truly meet their needs, without being beholden to outside investors. By remaining financially independent, we’ve been able to m
aintain our autonomy and agility, which have been key factors in our ability to innovate and stay ahead of the curve. As a Machine Learning Engineer a
t Alohi, you will play a crucial role in developing and deploying machine learning models and algorithms for our applications that serve millions of u
sers worldwide. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, build, and optimize machine learning models. You w
ill work closely with software engineers, and product managers to understand requirements and translate them into efficient and scalable solutions. Ad
ditionally, you will be responsible for evaluating and selecting suitable machine-learning techniques and algorithms to solve complex business problem
s. Responsibilities Design and implement machine learning models and algorithms. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and un
derstand business needs. Collect, preprocess, and analyze large datasets to generate insights. Apply statistical techniques and data visualization to 
interpret model outputs. Optimize and fine-tune machine learning models for better performance. Develop and maintain documentation for machine learnin
g models and algorithms. Stay updated with the latest advancements in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Bachelor's degree in computer scie
nce, data science, or a related field. Strong programming skills in Python, including libraries such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Proficient in SQL with 
the ability to write complex queries and interact with databases. Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, including supervised and unsuper
vised learning. Solid understanding of OCR, image processing. Experience with data preprocessing, feature engineering, and data wrangling. Knowledge o
f statistical analysis and hypothesis testing. Excellent problem-solving skills, and a "getting things done" mindset. Strong communication and teamwor
k abilities. Ability to work independently and meet project deadlines. Advanced degree in computer science or data science is a plus. Experience with 
big data processing frameworks, such as Spark or Hadoop, is a plus. Publications or contributions to the machine learning community is a plus. Profici
ency in data visualization tools like Matplotlib or Tableau is a plus. KontaktAlohi SA(0)11 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning / Automation EngineerLumatics Technologies AGSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungLohn:CHF 7 000 - 8 000 /MonatSprache:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Badenerstrasse 13, 5200 Brugg AG
  Wir sind Lumatics Technologies AG, ein Startup im Bereich der Sensorik für die Kreislaufwirtschaft. Unsere Lösungen helfen der Zementindustrie ihre 
CO2 Ziele zu erreichen. Wachsen Sie mit uns, oder helfen Sie mit Ihrer Erfahrung, unsere Vision umzusetzen. Gesucht wird per sofort oder nach Vereinba
rung ein  Machine Learning / Automation Engineer (m/w/d)    Ihr Einstieg umfasst:   Gerätekalibrationen mit Hilfe neuronaler Netze und anderer Machine
 Learning Methoden entwerfen, implementieren und unterhalten  Database Management and Backend Development (Python) Weltweite Inbetriebsetzung der Gerä
te inklusive Installation und Prozessintegration, Reisetätigkeit ca 30% Teil des Entwicklungsteams: Ideen und Verbesserungsansätze entwickeln, einbrin
gen und realisieren Zusammenarbeit mit Hochschulen, Projektleitung   Diese Fähigkeiten bringen Sie mit:   Studium als Automations- oder Elektroingenie
ur oder vergleichbar mit Kenntnis moderner Machine Learning Methoden  Gute Programmierkenntnisse SPS / Python, Mess- und Regeltechnik affin sowie Flai
r für IT Systeme Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in Englisch und Deutsch, weitere Sprachen von Vorteil  Starker Teamplayer mit strukturierter und 
selbständiger Arbeitsweise sowie Projektmanagmentfähigkeiten  Das bieten wir:  Wenn Du eine vielseitige, verantwortungsvolle und praxisnahe Aufgabe in
 einem technisch geprägten Umfeld suchst, können wir Dir einen abwechslungsreichen, lebendigen Job mit guten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten parallel zum Wa
chstum der Firma bieten. Attraktive Anstellungsbedingungen inkl. fünf Wochen Ferien, tolle Kolleginnen und Kollegen sowie ein motivierendes Betriebskl
ima gehören für uns zum Standard. Zu Hause sind wir im Technopark Brugg direkt beim Bahnhof.KontaktLumatics Technologies AG(0)2 Jobshttp://lumatics.te
chSchnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Scientistlastminute.com groupBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Chiasso
Senior Machine Learning ScientistSenior Machine Learning Scientist  Full-time Department: Data & Analytics  Company Description lastminute.com is the 
European Travel Tech leader in Dynamic Holiday Packages. It operates a portfolio of well-known brands such as lastminute.com, Volagratis, Rumbo, weg.d
e, Bravofly, Jetcost and Hotelscan. Our mission is to lead the travel industry by leveraging technology to simplify, personalise, and enhance our cust
omers’ travel experience. Experts in brightening up online travel, we help our customers find and do "whatever makes them pink". We continuously inves
t in talented people who ensure our offering is closer to the needs of the customers and keep us at the cutting edge of technology evolution. We run o
ur business in 17 languages and 40 countries, with more than 1,500 employees spread across our offices worldwide, developing our own products and serv
ices to power the entire traveller journey for millions of people. At the heart of our culture is a commitment to inclusion across race, gender, age, 
sexual orientation, religion, gender identity or expression and accessibility. We strongly believe in an equal opportunity space, which is welcoming a
nd celebrates the uniqueness of everyone who works here. We value different lived experiences and respect viewpoints, as we know unicity drives innova
tion. We want to make sure our people reflect the communities across the world we help travel. lastminute.com N.V. is a publicly-traded company listed
 under the ticker symbol LMN on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Job Description We are looking for a motivated Senior Machine Learning Scientist to work with 
challenging real-world problems on big data. The selected candidate will be part of a team of ten machine learning/data scientists and three machine l
earning engineers. This position is based in our office in Chiasso (Switzerland). Key responsibilities will include:  Develop pseudo-realtime machine 
learning solutions to deal with challenging real-world problems on big data Develop ranking and recommendation algorithms to improve our customers’ ex
perience Collaborate in a cross-functional team, including machine learning scientists, software engineers, machine learning engineers, and project ma
nagers  Qualifications Essential A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Physics. At least 5 years of experience in the field Excellent knowledge
 of Supervised methods (Classification, Regression) and Unsupervised methods (Clustering, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction) Experience in R
einforcement Learning (Multi-Armed Bandit, Markov Decision Process, and Q-learning) Excellent knowledge of Python and SQL Knowledge of the most import
ant Python libraries for Machine Learning and Data Analysis (scikit-learn, Pandas, matplotlib, Numpy, Scipy, MLflow) Experience with distributed versi
on control systems: mostly Git (Github and/or Bitbucket). Experience with Deep Learning (Recurrent Neural Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks, Tra
nsformer, and Autoencoders) Experience with Keras (and TensorFlow) or PyTorch Desirable  Able to find creative solutions to interesting problems Curio
us with a constant desire to learn and collaborate Knowledge of Spark is a plus  Additional Information What we offer By joining our company, you will
 have the chance to:  Join a dynamic team in an inclusive-international environment Grow thanks to the career journey and our internal mobility perspe
ctive Manage your own schedule thanks to the flexible start and end of the working day Work a shorter working week (36h), of which 4 hours on Friday m
orning Get focus time for learning, development, and deep work on Friday mornings Work partially remotely according to local laws Enjoy continuous tra
ining thanks to our company platform Benefit from employee discounts on travel Receive 2 days off per year for the purpose of volunteering Receive a v
oucher after some years in the company Get free snacks/fruit / hot drinks/water/beverages at our offices Participate in amazing winter and summer corp
orate events Benefit from extended parental or marriage leave according to local laws Welfare platform (Corporate Benefits) where you will find dedica
ted discounts with more than 1500 partners BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Machine Learning Engineer, SIMLApple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zurich
 , Zurich , SwitzerlandMachine Learning Engineer, SIMLKey QualificationsKey Qualifications Familiarity with Python, PyTorch, TensorFlow Hold yourself 
and others to a high bar when delivering a model Have great communication skills, for collaborating across many participating teams Hands-on experienc
e with LLM-based workflows: prompt engineering and parameter-efficient fine-tuning of pre-trained LLM Experience with multi-modal setting, specificall
y Vision and Language Ability to rapidly iterate with fine-tuning toolboxes. Ability to translate high-level product goals into data, model and metric
s requirements. Awareness and attention to model complexity, power and performance. DescriptionDescriptionAs a ML engineer in the SIML HOUr team, you 
will work with large-language models and multi-modal generative models, following closely groundbreaking advancements in this domain, to adjust and ap
ply them to internal use cases. One main mission of the role is building adapters on top of large models to enable specific use cases, having a direct
 impact on features across the Apple ecosystem. The work will involve translating high-level product goals into different levels of the stack. From de
fining the data needs, manipulating data, fine-tuning pre-trained models for the task, evaluating it across relevant metrics and power and performance
, prototyping and delivering it for integration. The work will be multi-functional, collaborating with ML researchers, software engineers, product des
ign, and other teams. Be expected to iterate quickly to deliver a high quality model, that is performant, reliable, tested extensively, and documented
. Apart from model development, the role will also give the experience of scoping projects, estimating timelines, multi-functional planning and presen
ting your work to organization leadership. If this could be of interest, please apply! Education & ExperienceEducation & ExperienceMaster's or Ph.D. i
n Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field Additional RequirementsAdditional Requirements Apple’s most importan
t resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter wher
e you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employ
ees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to 
share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, rei
mburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products. Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subj
ect to eligibility requirements. Apple is an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to en
sure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disabili
ty, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicant
s with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Machine Learning Data Scientist (80% - 100%)Evulpo AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 September 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:ZürichMachine Learning Data Scientist (80% - 100%)The mission Are you a talented Machine Learning Data Scientist with a passion for understanding us
er behaviors and preferences? Do you find thrill in deciphering vast datasets, unearthing patterns, and translating them into actionable insights? We 
invite you to be a driving force in our team as a Machine Learning Data Scientist, driving insights from user data that will steer the evolution of ou
r platform. This is not just a job; it's an opportunity to revolutionize the way education adapts to its users. Embrace the challenge and be the beaco
n that guides our educational transformation. Responsibilities The Machine Learning Data Scientist will be an integral part of our dynamic start-up te
am in the Ed-Tech industry. They will drive the development of AI-powered tools to analyze user behavioral and transactional data. The candidate will 
be at the forefront of creating and optimizing models that ensure innovative and effective learning experiences in line with the curriculum. Your resp
onsibilities include: Data Handling & Model Development: Gather, preprocess, and analyze data to understand key patterns and trends. Develop, train, a
nd test machine learning models to improve content delivery, personalization, and user engagement. Collaboration: Work closely with the Product and Co
ntent team to understand specific user behavioral data and nuances of the curriculum. Collaborate with the engineering team to integrate machine learn
ing models into our platform. Evaluation & Optimization: Monitor the performance of machine learning models in real-world scenarios. Continuously refi
ne and optimize models based on feedback and changing requirements. Research & Innovation: Stay updated with the latest trends and breakthroughs in ma
chine learning and Ed-Tech. Propose and test new algorithms or techniques that can improve learning experiences. Documentation: Document processes, mo
dels, and results for transparency and reproducibility. Provide actionable insights and recommendations based on data analysis to the product and cont
ent teams. Requirements Education: Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, or a related field. Experience: Mini
mum of 2 years of hands-on experience in building and deploying machine learning models. Technical Proficiency: Strong proficiency in Python and its m
achine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, Keras, or Scikit-learn. Data Skills: Expertise in data preprocessing, feature engineering, and data visu
alization. Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Communication: Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.
 Nice-To-Haves Ed-Tech Experience: Prior experience in the Ed-Tech industry or a deep understanding of educational pedagogies and curriculum. Big Data
 Technologies: Experience with big data technologies like Spark or Hadoop. Deployment: Familiarity with deploying machine learning models in real-worl
d, production environments, experience in cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP is a plus. Soft Skills: Ability to work in a fast-paced start-up env
ironment, flexibility to adapt, and a strong team player. Multilingual: Proficiency in one or more European languages apart from English. Offer Join a
n EdTech pioneer that's reshaping the landscape of education. Collaborative and inclusive environment that values innovation and diverse perspectives.
 Opportunities for skill development and professional growth. Competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits. Become part of a mission-dr
iven team working towards a brighter future. If you're passionate about harnessing the power of data to revolutionize the field of education, we encou
rage you to apply. Share your resume and a cover letter detailing your relevant experience and your enthusiasm for our mission. Join us in constructin
g a data-driven future of learning. Auf diese Stelle bewerben About usAlways. Everywhere. At the push of a button.  evulpo is a learning platform for 
all students aged 9-19 and already offers explanatory videos, summaries and practice units for English, Maths, and Science topics in other European co
untries. The team of this young startup is committed to changing the world of international education for the long term: All students - regardless of 
background - should not only have the same right but also the same access to education.       Why do we want that? Everyone has the right to education
", says the 26th article of human rights. Well said... the problem is that while everyone has the same right to education, not everyone has the same a
ccess to education. Some have good teachers. Others don't. Some have older siblings. Others don't. Some have money for tutoring. Others don't. Auf die
se Stelle bewerben KontaktEvulpo AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.evulpo.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Computer Vision / Machine Learning InternApple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 Oktober 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung, Prakti
kumArbeitsort:Zurich , Zurich , SwitzerlandComputer Vision / Machine Learning InternKey QualificationsKey Qualifications Good experience in Python and
 deep learning frameworks (PyTorch or similar) Solid foundation in 3D geometry and deep learning Excellent problem solving and analytical thinking ski
lls Excellent communication and collaboration skills Good software design, problem solving and debugging skills Experience in neural rendering, genera
tive models and 3D graphics is a plus Strong written and verbal communication in English DescriptionDescriptionThis position requires a highly motivat
ed person who wants to join us in doing research in the field of neural rendering and generative models. You will be responsible for developing, imple
menting, evaluating and improving computer vision and machine learning algorithms based on the latest advancements in the field. Education & Experienc
eEducation & ExperienceDuring the internship you must be enrolled in a PhD or Masters program in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Computer Graphics,
 Machine Learning or equivalent. We prefer candidates who are close to finishing the program. Additional RequirementsAdditional Requirements * Availab
ility for 6 months minimum is preferred. * Publication record at top conferences such as CVPR/ECCV/ICCV/SIGGRAPH/NeurIPS is a plus. * Experience in th
e industry is a plus KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Machine Learning 70-100%Bystronic Laser AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Februar 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:N
iederönzPraktikum Machine Learning 70-100%Personaldienstleister können Bewerbungen einreichen, sofern sie die „Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen für di
e Zusammenarbeit zwischen der Bystronic Laser AG und Personaldienstleister“ gelesen haben und vollständig akzeptieren. Wir empfehlen vor Eingabe von B
ewerbungen mit dem entsprechenden HR-Verantwortlichen Kontakt aufzunehmen. */ Wer wir sind. Was wir tun. Wir sind Bystronic - ein globales Technologie
unternehmen im Bereich der Blechbearbeitung. Bei uns treiben unsere Mitarbeitenden unsere gemeinsame Zukunft voran, mit Blech und darüber hinaus. Wir 
wollen mit Menschen arbeiten, die uns dabei unterstützen, innovative Lösungen zu schaffen, die unsere Branche voranbringen. Unser Fokus liegt auf der 
Automatisierung des gesamten Material- und Datenflusses in der Prozesskette des Laserschneidens und Biegens. Zur Unterstützung des Predevelopment-Team
s im Bereich Machine Learning bieten wir an unserem Standort in Niederönz eine interessante Praktikumsstelle an. Praktikum Machine Learning 70-100% Wa
s du bewirken kannst Nebst der Mithilfe im Tagesgeschäft beschäftigst du dich einerseits mit der Evaluierung und Prüfung von Vision-Systemen im Umfeld
 der Laserbearbeitungsmaschine und andererseits mit der Auswertung von Bildern mittels Bildverarbeitung und/oder künstlicher Intelligenz.  Auswertung 
von Bildern mit Hilfe von Vision-Algorithmen Extraktion von Features mit Hilfe einer Vision-Bibliothek Bilddaten durch maschinelles Lernen verarbeiten
 Automatisierung der Datenanalyse durch Regressionstests Dokumentation der Ergebnisse  Was du mitbringst  Abgeschlossenes Studium der Elektrotechnik, 
Softwaretechnik oder Mikrotechnik (HF/FH/Uni) Kenntnisse in der Softwareentwicklung (z. B. Python) Erfahrung mit Kamerakomponenten und Bildanalyse sow
ie maschinellem Lernen Fließende Englisch- und/oder Deutschkenntnisse Vertraut mit Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Du bist ein Tea
mplayer und bringst Innovation und Kreativität mit  Das bieten wir dir  Innerhalb unseres Young Generation-Programms ermöglichen wir Studierenden, wäh
rend dem Studium oder zwischen zwei Studiengängen praktische Arbeitserfahrung in einem studienverwandten Fachbereich zu sammeln Wir sind ein familiäre
s, hilfsbereites Team, unterstützen einander bei den täglichen Herausforderungen und pflegen im Umgang miteinander eine unkomplizierte Du-Kultur Du tr
iffst bei uns ein agiles, dynamisches und modernes Arbeitsumfeld in einem stark wachsenden, erfolgreichen Unternehmen an Wir nehmen unsere Verantwortu
ng gegenüber der Umwelt ernst, produzieren unter anderem eigenen Strom und als Mitarbeiter profitierst du von diversen E-Mobility-Vergünstigungen  Peo
ple power our purpose Stell dir vor, du könntest in einer Umgebung arbeiten, in der du zum Unternehmensfortschritt beiträgst und in der deine Leidensc
haft, Werte und Fähigkeiten eine zentrale Rolle spielen. Bei Bystronic kann das deine Realität werden. Unsere Mitarbeitenden sind der Schlüssel, um un
sere Ambitionen voranzutreiben und unseren kontinuierlichen Erfolg zu fördern. Gemeinsam haben wir eine Kultur geschaffen, in der unsere Mitarbeitende
n im Mittelpunkt stehen und uns inspirieren, Entscheidungen zu treffen, die ihnen optimal nutzen und gleichzeitig mit unserem Unternehmenszweck im Ein
klang stehen. Obwohl wir in der Technologiebranche tätig sind, sind es die Menschen, die wahre Veränderungen bewirken. Interessiert? Reizt dich dieses
 vielseitige Praktikum? Dann freuen wir uns darauf, dich kennenzulernen! Mit nur wenigen Klicks kannst du deine Bewerbung auf unserer Plattform einrei
chen. Wir freuen uns, mehr von dir zu erfahren. Sarah Fasnacht, HR Business PartnerBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in Machine Learning SeismologyETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD
 Position in Machine Learning SeismologyPhD Position in Machine Learning Seismology 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Swiss Seismological Service (SED) at 
the Department of Earth Sciences at ETH Zürich invites applications for a fully funded 4-year PhD position in Machine Learning Seismology and Induced 
Earthquakes. The preferred starting date for this position is June - September 2024. This PhD position is supported by a Swiss National Science Founda
tion (SNSF) funded project EFFSIMMSI, led by Dr. Peidong Shi and collaborators at ETH Zurich and INGV. Project background Within the framework of the 
SNSF-funded project “EFFSIMMSI: Advancing Induced Earthquake Forecasting and Fracturing Dynamics via Innovative Scale-Invariant Seismic Monitoring and
 Multi-Sensor Integration”, we aim to further develop novel seismic monitoring and analysis methods utilizing machine learning techniques to increase 
our understanding of induced earthquakes. This project addresses the central theme of investigating rupture dynamics of induced earthquakes and advanc
ing our capacity to forecast them more reliably. We will employ the developed methodologies to analyze data collected from various scales and geologic
al conditions, including laboratory rock physics experiments, underground fluid injection experiments, and enhanced geothermal systems worldwide. Job 
description The PhD student will focus on constructing and training advanced machine learning models tailored to characterize induced earthquakes reco
rded by various instruments, including distributed acoustic sensing, acoustic emission sensors, and geophones. With these efforts, the PhD candidate w
ill improve the current state-of-the-art of real-time seismic monitoring and induced earthquake forecasting by implementing advanced machine-learning 
techniques and integrating physical understandings of rupture dynamics. The PhD candidate will apply the developed methodologies and models to various
 geological test sites to extract high-resolution earthquake catalogs, analyze rock rupture mechanisms, and benchmark different induced earthquake for
ecasting models. Your profile We are seeking a highly motivated candidate with a strong interest in machine learning, seismic monitoring and earthquak
e seismology. The ideal candidate should:  A Master’s degree in Earth Sciences / Physics / Mathematics / Computer Sciences or a related discipline is 
required. Applicants must have obtained their Master's degree by September 2024 A strong foundation in analyzing large datasets and machine learning i
s highly desirable for this position Proficiency in modern scientific programming languages (e.g., advanced Python, C, CUDA etc) and parallel computin
g would be advantageous Strong background and experience in computational methods and earthquake monitoring would be an asset The PhD student will be 
required to work as part of an international team. We presuppose abilities in coherent scientific teamwork, excellent communication skills (spoken and
 written English) and the capability of a good work organization as far as precise way of working  Your workplace Your workplace We offer The work wil
l be conducted at SED under the supervision of Dr. Peidong Shi and Prof. Stefan Wiemer. The student will also benefit from interdisciplinary and inter
institutional collaboration with international experts in machine learning, seismic monitoring/imaging, statistical seismology, and geomechanical mode
lling. Project team members include Dr. Federica Lanza (ETH Zürich), Dr. Luigi Passarelli (INGV), and Dr. Antonio Pio Rinaldi (ETH Zürich). In specifi
c, we will provide:  An exciting working environment Perspectives for career development Opportunities to learn cutting edge techniques A diverse and 
interdisciplinary team  ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to an exciting working enviro
nment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applicat
ion by June 15th, 2024, with the following documents:  Motivation Letter (no more than 2 pages) describe your research achievements and research inter
ests demonstrate your interest and suitability for the offered position Full CV Undergraduate and graduate transcripts Contact details of two referees
  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal (do not send any applications by e-mail). The re
view process is scheduled to commence on May 24th, 2024, and will continue until the position has been filled. Applications received before May 24th w
ill be given full consideration. Therefore, we encourage applicants to submit their applications as early as possible. Applications via email or posta
l services will not be considered. Further information about the Swiss Seismological Service can be found on our website . Questions regarding the pos
ition should be directed to Dr. Peidong Shi, email: E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiv
ing your online application by June 15th, 2024, with the following documents:  Motivation Letter (no more than 2 pages) describe your research achieve
ments and research interests demonstrate your interest and suitability for the offered position Full CV Undergraduate and graduate transcripts Contact
 details of two referees  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal (do not send any applica
tions by e-mail). The review process is scheduled to commence on May 24th, 2024, and will continue until the position has been filled. Applications re
ceived before May 24th will be given full consideration. Therefore, we encourage applicants to submit their applications as early as possible. Applica
tions via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about the Swiss Seismological Service can be found on our website . Que
stions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Peidong Shi, email: E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.
eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Engineer (100% - Senior/Principal)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Machine Learning Engineer (100% - Senior/Principal)About Spiden    Your profile  Qualifications    Master's degree in Computer
 Science, a related technical field, or equivalent ML experience. 8+ years of experience in writing software working with at least one compiled and on
e interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C++ 6+ years of Machine Learning Experience in industry developing and deploying ML mo
dels in real-world applications. Proficiency in software development methodologies, version control systems (e.g., Git), and CI/CD pipelines is essent
ial. In-depth understanding of MLOps principles and best practices, including model versioning, continuous integration and deployment of machine learn
ing models, model monitoring, automated retraining, scalability and resource optimization. Experience with MLOps tools such as Kubeflow, MLflow. Famil
iarity with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) and infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g., Terraform) is beneficial. High attention 
to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. The followi
ng qualifications are a plus: Experience with distributed computing platforms (e.g., Spark) and cloud-based machine learning services (e.g., AWS SageM
aker, Google Cloud Vertex AI )  Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimization, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Compliance a
nd Governance: Understanding of compliance requirements and governance frameworks relevant to machine learning deployments, such as data privacy regul
ations (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA) and medical device industry-specific standards would be a plus     IMPORTANT: we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU 
/ EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfill this criteria will be automatically rejected.  We offer  Work/Life Balance Working at
 a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambitious, which is why our team puts a strong emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t abou
t how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer fl
exibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal life. Values and Mission are important at Spiden,
 as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we aspire to live that. We will have the chance to discuss value and mission during the in
terview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the company, we strive to build a diverse and exciting environment. Within the SMLE team we take 
special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 among the permanent employees- and equal opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our
 team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates 
knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spiden.  Amazing team! In this role, you will be part of the  Machine Learning Research & E
ngineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues from which you will have the opportunity to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy g
reat conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. Additionally, you will be working closely with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Scie
nce, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   Don't forget to check the  team page  on our website!   Your mission What could you bui
ld on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? That is what Spiden is all about, and we want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Mach
ine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If these areas resonate with you, join us to work on foundational technologic and scientif
ic challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with the vision to use state-of-the-art detection techniques to continuously monitor and learn
 from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chronic diseases, to customize critical treatments and, to improve your health.  Using propri
etary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomedical data generation pipeline to train medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to inf
er glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achieve our vision, our team and advisory board consist of world experts coming from top ac
ademic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard among others) and industry leaders (Baxter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented
, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professionals to join an A-team of doers: https://t.ly/vmCKi After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are s
printing towards product development phase to launch to market. Therefore, joining as one of the first 60 permanent employees provides you great oppor
tunities for growth in responsibilities and impact.  Responsibilities As a Sr. Machine Learning Engineer you will build ML Engineering infrastructure 
needed to deploy a portfolio of ML models and algorithms on our smartwatch and companion mobile Apps. To be effective in this role, you need to effect
ively interface with Science (ML Scientists, Data Scientists), Product Development (Electrical Engineering, Photonics, Manufacturing) and Product Mana
gement, to acquire and smartly embed multi-disciplinary knowledge into our ML Infrastructure.      You will be joining the Machine Learning Research &
 Engineering team, currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues. You will be working hand-in-hand with an A-team of 3 Software Engineering leaders, com
ing from the domains of Data, Cloud and App/Web development with a combined 40YOE in tech, plus an amazing and enthusiastic crew of junior engineers. 
 Our recruitment process The interview process consists of 3 stages: Introduction call (20 min - led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical I
nterview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)On-site interview (90 - 120 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requir
es meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pfäffikon) KontaktSpiden AG(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Praktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsor
t:ZürichPraktikant Machine Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)We are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Manage
ment team with a focus on Machine Learning & AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the dev
elopment of AI-driven services, and gain hands-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate closely with exp
erienced professionals, participate in cross-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.  Praktikant Machi
ne Learning & AI Services (w/m/d)    Das bieten wir   Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and impl
ement machine learning and AI features for our products. Contribute to the development of AI-driven solutions by utilizing data science and machine le
arning techniques. Assist in creating and maintaining advanced Python-based code for product development. Participate in the planning and execution of
 software development projects, adhering to agile methodologies. Explore and implement LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases to enhance produc
t capabilities. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services into our product ecosystem. Collaborate in the co
mplete software product development lifecycle, from ideation to deployment. Contribute to product documentation, training materials, and knowledge sha
ring within the team     Deine Stärken   Bachelor's degree (or candidate) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field. Experienc
e in data science and machine learning. Solid skills in Python programming. Experience with at least one of the following programming languages: C, C#
, C++, Java. Knowledge of LLMOps principles, APIs, and vector databases. Fluent English communication skills, both written and verbal, German is a plu
s Familiarity with Azure MLOps and Azure Open AI Services Understanding of the agile software product development lifecycle Strong problem-solving ski
lls and ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment   Anstellungsbedingungen und Vergütung  Marktorientiertes Ausbildungssalär Zwi
schen 25 und 27 Ferientage Überdurchschnittliche Leistungen bei Unfall und Krankheit  Flexibilität Flexible Arbeitszeit Mobile Office  Entwicklungsmög
lichkeiten Individuelle Besprechungen und Begleitung Internes Weiterbildungsangebot Elektronische Lernplattform  Vorsorge und Sozialleistungen Vergüns
tigungen Vorzugskonditionen bei verschiedenen Partnerunternehmen Bis zu 35% Vergünstigung für öffentliche Verkehrsmittel Essenspauschale Reka-Checks  
Familie Gesundheit Veranstaltungen und Kurse Gesundes und ausgewogenes Ernährungsangebot im betriebseigenen Restaurant Physiotherapie und Massageangeb
ot Betrieblich unterstütztes Sportangebot Inhouse-Beratung für physische und psychische Gesundheit bei Bedarf     Dein Kontakt Linda Fackelmayer   Übe
r Swiss Life We are seeking a dynamic and driven intern to join our Service Development and Product Management team with a focus on Machine Learning &
 AI. This internship provides a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge projects, contribute to the development of AI-driven services, and gain han
ds-on experience in the field of software product management. The intern will collaborate closely with experienced professionals, participate in cross
-functional teams, and contribute to the growth and innovation of our AI-based products.KontaktSwiss Life AG(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ue
ber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:BernPhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data 100 %Research Group for Data Science in Diabetes CareStart of employment: as soon as po
ssibleDuration: 3 years with the possibility to extend by 1 yearThe research group for Data Science in Diabetes Care (led by Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch) is o
ffering a PhD position in machine learning for medical wearable data analysis.Keywords: medical AI, wearable data, deep learning, foundation models, s
elf-supervised learning, cardiovascular risk  PhD in Machine Learning for Medical Wearable Data    Tasks Wearable devices such as continuous glucose m
onitors and smartwatches hold high potential for patient care, in particular for diseases where patients need to make frequent decisions about their b
ehaviour, lifestyle or medication. In these situations, AI-based tools can interpret wearable signals and provide feedback, and recommendations. The g
oal of this project is to develop deep learning methods to analyse wearable signals. The project will focus on both method development and clinical ap
plication. In the methodological part, the candidate will develop ML techniques to learn from large-scale wearable datasets (continuous glucose monito
ring devices and smartwatches), with a specific focus on the development of foundation models and self-supervised pre-training. In the application par
t, the candidate will use the developed techniques to train specialised models for wearable-based cardiovascular risk factor prediction. In this task,
 the candidate will benefit from regular interaction with clinical experts from the Insel University Hospital Bern involved in the project.   Requirem
ents We are looking for an ambitious and highly motivated PhD candidate with a keen interest in doing machine learning research in the healthcare spac
e. You should hold a Masters degree in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, machine learning, statistics, biomedical or electrical engi
neering, or similar. You have solid knowledge of machine learning and strong programming skills in Python. Ideally, you already have some experience w
ith deep learning. Experience processing time-series or wearable data is a plus. Beyond technical skills, you communicate clearly in both verbal and w
ritten settings. You work well independently but act as a team player. You are self-driven, curious and excited to do good science.   About us We are 
a recently established research lab with a strong focus on AI for medicine. We are uniquely positioned at the intersection of the machine learning/eng
ineering and medical research communities in Bern. The candidate will be supervised by Prof. Lisa Koch and embedded in the research group for data sci
ence in diabetes care. The group is affiliated with the Medical Faculty of the University of Bern, in particular the University Department of Diabetes
, Endocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism (UDEM), and has close links to the Center for Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM).   Appli
cation and contact Prof. Dr. Lisa Koch, E-Mail schreibenKontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Machine Learning Scientist - Deep Learning (100% - Senior/Principal)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Machine Learning Scientist - Deep Learning (100% - Senior/Principal)About Spiden    Your profile    Minimum Q
ualification   Master's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent ML experience. 8+ years of experience in writing software
 working with at least one compiled and one interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C++ 8+ years of Machine Learning Experience 
in academia or industry: developing physically-informed own ML algorithms and architectures, training models, hyperparameter tuning, feature engineeri
ng, etc  Experience with scientific analysis packages such as scikit-learn and pytorch High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple,
 competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment.  Preferred qualifications   PhD degree in Computer Science,
 Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience in the Machine Learning domain 8+ years of industry experience working with Real World Data challenge
s in a product that hit the market (e.g. voice assistants in production) Senior expertise using deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or TensorFlow
. Demonstrable capacity to digest scientific literature effectively, including cross-disciplinary domains. Exposure to MLOPs: ML data management (coll
ect, store, manage data), creating training datasets (data labeling, data augmentation, feature engineering, data partitioning, sampling and slicing),
 familiarity with architectural choices for ML systems. Working under a matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projec
ts. The following qualifications are a plus: Experience in the healthcare or pharma industry  Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimizati
on, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Demonstrable expertise exercising cross-functional leadership beyond functional team     IMPORTANT: 
we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU / EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfill this criteria will be automatically reje
cted.  We offer    Work/Life Balance Working at a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambitious, which is why our team puts a stro
ng emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to 
both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal li
fe. Values and Mission are important at Spiden, as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we aspire to live that. We will have the ch
ance to discuss value and mission during the interview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the company, we strive to build a diverse and exci
ting environment. Within the SMLE team we take special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 among the permanent employees- and equal
 opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and
 we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spiden.  Amazing team! In this role, you wil
l be part of the  Machine Learning Research & Engineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues from which you will have the opportunity 
to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy great conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. Additionally, you will be working closel
y with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Science, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   Don't forget to check the  team page  on
 our website!   Your mission   What could you build on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? That is what Spiden is all about, and we 
want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Machine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If these areas resonate with you, join us
 to work on foundational technologic and scientific challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with the vision to use state-of-the-art detec
tion techniques to continuously monitor and learn from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chronic diseases, to customize critical trea
tments and, to improve your health.  Using proprietary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomedical data generation pipeline to train
 medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to infer glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achieve our vision, our team and advisory 
board consist of world experts coming from top academic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard among others) and industry leaders (B
axter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professionals to join an A-team of doers: https:/
/t.ly/vmCKi  After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are sprinting towards product development phase to launch to market. Therefore, joining as one of the fir
st 60 permanent employees provides you great opportunities for growth in responsibilities and impact. Responsibilities As a Sr. Machine Learning Scien
tist (Deep Learning), you will research and collaboratively build computational solutions to real world problems in our domain: a continuous non-invas
ive glucose monitoring smartwatch. Your work involves being able to acquire and smartly combine deep multi-disciplinary knowledge (biophotonics, biome
dical, microfluidics, electronics and manufacturing). For this opening in particular,  we are looking for a Deep Learning expert with industry exposur
e to domain adaption and domain generalization challenges in low data regimes.   It also involves an exposure to engineering aspects of large-scale da
ta processing using an advanced ML technology stack. Our recruitment process   The interview process consists of 3 stages:Introduction call (20 min - 
led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical Interview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)On-site interview (90 - 1
20 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requires meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pfäffikon) KontaktSpiden AG
(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship Machine Learning & analytics for demand planning & market intelligenceVAT Vakuumventile AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pen
sum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:HaagInternship Machine Learning & analytics for demand planning & market intelligence     BE GREAT TOGETHER W
ITH US.   Innovation, Efficiency and Ambition: this is what VAT has stood for over 50 years. With this passion, VAT has grown to become the leading in
ternational developer, manufacturer and supplier of high-performance high-end vacuum valves and vacuum sealing technology, employing over 2000 people 
worldwide. The headquarters are located in Haag (Switzerland), the production centers in Switzerland, Malaysia, Romania and Taiwan.        WHAT YOU WI
LL EXPLORE:    The highly advanced semiconductor industry relies heavily on vacuum processes and therefore, vacuum valves. VAT is the undisputable mar
ket leader and has a long history in developing vacuum valves for semiconductor and other industries, such as space and solar. Planning the operations
 and supply chain in such a critical company, with thousands of different unique products requires a good demand forecasting and planning, with high a
ccuracy, transparency, and efficiency. The goals of this project include bringing market intelligence into demand planning, developing statistical and
 machine learning approaches for demand scenario generation, and improving forecasting KPIs. In addition, you will have the opportunity to use and und
erstand the big business data of the company and have interfaces with various corporate functions such as sales, operation and business units.      YO
UR CHALLENGES:    • Carry out literature review and identify best practices in the use of market intelligence and ML in demand forecasting• Understand
, extract, clean and structure the relevant business and market big data• Identify the important business drivers, and their relation to the demand• P
erform multivariate time-series forecasting, feature engineering, dimensionality reduction, classification etc.• Implement the findings into an automa
ted tool and the business process        YOUR COMPETENCES:    • Studies in engineering, math, physics, business administration or similar• Strong anal
ytical thinking, technical, communication and presentation skills• Strong programming (Python) and machine learning skills, familiarity with Excel   A
re You Ready for the Challenge?  Then we look forward to receiving your electronic application today!    Start date: ASAP Workload:100% Duration:6 mon
ths KontaktVAT Vakuumventile AG(1)51 Jobshttps://www.vatvalve.com/deBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:Bern2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning 100 %Institution: NCCR PlanetS and Center for Space and Habitability (C
SH), BernStart: Summer / Autumn 2024, negotiable, 4 years NCCR PlanetS and CSH We seek qualified candidates for two 4-year PhD positions in exoplanet 
science in the research group of Prof. Yann Alibert (University of Bern), focusing on the formation, composition and architecture of planetary systems
, in particular with the help of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI). The PhD positions are part of the National Centre of Competen
ce in Research (NCCR) PlanetS and the Centre for Space and Habitability (University of Bern). There will be frequent interaction with the TAPS group (
Theoretical Astrophysics and Planetary Science) at the University of Bern (Prof. Yann Alibert and Prof. Chistoph Mordasini). PlanetS is a large nation
al framework in Switzerland that brings together Swiss efforts in planetary and exoplanetary science in Bern, Geneva and Zurich. More information abou
t our research group, the CSH and the NCCR can be found using the links above.  2 PhD positions in Planetary Science and Machine Learning    Tasks The
 scientific objectives of the two PhD projects are to study the emergence of planetary system architecture and the uniqueness of the architecture of t
he Solar System. The work will be based on population synthesis models of planetary system formation developed in our group over the last two decades 
and their analysis using ML and AI. Beyond solar system formation, a major goal of the two PhDs is linked to current and future observational projects
 (e.g. CHEOPS, PLATO, LIFE, ground-based survey with e.g. ESPRESSO) aiming at the discovery and characterisation of exo-Earths. Frequent interactions 
with members of the above-mentioned observational projects in PlanetS are foreseen.   Requirements The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's or maste
r's degree in physics, astrophysics, planetary science or equivalent. Experience with data analysis, ML and AI methods is an advantage. Candidates sho
uld be enthusiastic, persistent, communicative and willing to integrate into the teams in Bern and the Swiss landscape (PlanetS, CSH and TAPS). The re
search will consist of a combination of numerical modelling of the physics of planetary system formation and analysis of the results using ML and AI m
ethods.   We offer The formal appointment will be for 4 years at the University of Bern. There will be a standard first year of probation. The annual 
salary is determined by a matrix provided by the Swiss National Fund. Child allowance and maternity/paternity leave are offered. Sufficient funds are 
available for travel, publications and computers. The successful candidate will participate in group meetings, journal clubs, research discussions, at
tend seminars and colloquia, interact with research visitors, travel to conferences, etc., both in Bern and in the NCCR PlanetS. The starting date is 
expected to be summer/autumn 2024 and is negotiable.   Application To apply, please send a letter of motivation including a personal statement (max. 1
 page), a curriculum vitae (max. 2 pages), a list of publications (if applicable), undergraduate and graduate transcripts and a covering letter (1 pag
e). The complete application should be sent  as a single pdf file to Yann Alibert (E-Mail schreiben). It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure t
hat 2-3 letters of recommendation are also sent directly to Yann Alibert by the deadline of 15 June 2024. The University of Bern is an equal opportuni
ty employer and we particularly encourage applications from female researchers.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Stage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:BienneStage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)    Introduction    Pour notre  département Qualité Sécur
ité Environnement, nous recherchons un Stagiaire Data Scientist  (H/F) dont la mission principale sera de mettre en pratique des outils de Machine Lea
rning pour généraliser le contrôle automatique de procédé (APC) en se basant sur l’ensemble des données de production disponibles.      Responsabilité
s     Faire une étude bibliographique du sujet Mettre en forme les données pour la problématique en question Entraîner des modèles permettant la bonne
 maîtrise du procédé grâce aux données historiques et contextuelles Proposer une méthode permettant de traiter la question de manière générique sans f
aire d’ingénierie spécifique au système considéré       Profil     Etudiant niveau master en data science, robotique, physique ou mathématiques, avec 
de très bonnes connaissances en machine learning classique et profond Bonne connaissance de Python Bonnes capacités d'abstraction  Des connaissances e
n statistiques, et en particulier dans la maîtrise statistique des procédés (MSP), sont un plus       Conclusion    Nous vous offrons un environnement
 stimulant, d'excellentes conditions de travail et des prestations sociales de premier ordre. KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://www.rolex.comBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Software Engineer - Machine Learning (EP-SFT-2024-41-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 
2024Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfLead Software Engineer - Machine Learning (EP-SFT-2024-41-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the European 
Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most 
complex scientific instruments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the 
speed of light. The process gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out m
ore on http://home.cern.     Job Description    Introduction  You will join the software development for experiments (SFT) group (http://ep-dep-sft.we
b.cern.ch) which develops and provides support for scientific software for the High Energy Physics experimental collaborations at CERN and worldwide. 
Your work will be part of the context of the Next Generation Trigger project, a five-year initiative to develop novel solutions for real-time event pr
ocessing at the LHC experiments, leveraging new technologies such as artificial intelligence and heterogeneous computing. In the context of this proje
ct, you will be in charge of two of the common tasks of the project.  Leading the development and managing the maintenance of hls4ml (https://fastmach
inelearning.org/hls4ml/) and Conifer (https://github.com/thesps/conifer), two software libraries developed by CERN and its partners to deploy machine 
learning algorithms on FPGAs.  Leading the development of a library for hardware-aware end-to-end training and optimization of neural networks, suppor
ting compression techniques such as pruning and quantization and interfaced to hls4ml.   Functions  As the coordinator of these two activities, you wi
ll:  Supervise and recruit a team of computer scientists to work on software development and contribute directly to the design and implementation of t
he required ML libraries.  Ensure the timely achievement of the NGT milestones related to both tasks (e.g., software release, documentation, presentat
ions at conferences). Work in close contact with experts from the LHC experiments and external partners within the FastML ( https://fastmachinelearnin
g.org) community. This partnership aims to identify user requirements and strategize their implementations. Organize periodic user-community workshops
 to communicate on the status of the tasks and gather information on additional requirements and functionalities. Participate in managing common activ
ities of the NGT project alongside other task leaders.      Qualifications   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relevant experience in the field of 
Experimental Particle Physics or Computing Science or a related field.  Experience:  You have:  Demonstrated experience in high-performance software d
evelopment including task prioritization, and customer interaction; Demonstrated experience with FPGA programming with knowledge of High Level Synthes
is libraries (Vivado, Quartus, etc..); Proven mastering of performance and memory profiling technologies and debugging techniques for both CPU and GPU
 programming; Knowledge of distributed training techniques for machine learning algorithms; Expertise in neural network compression techniques such as
 pruning, quantization, etc; Proven track record of scientific publications; Experience in managing software development projects in scientific enviro
nments will be considered as a valuable experience; Understanding of machine learning applications for High Energy Physics will be considered an advan
tage.   Technical competencies:   Knowledge of programming techniques and languages Development of application software Knowledge and application of s
oftware life-cycle tools and procedures: machine learning training software (PyTorch, Tensorflow, Horovod). Testing, diagnosing and optimization of so
ftware Conceptualising, designing and developing user experiences and interfaces   Behavioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured 
and organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with results in mind. Delivering prompt and efficient service taking 
into account customer needs. Solving Problems: recognizing what is essential; discriminating between important and peripheral information and being ab
le to see the whole picture. Being open to original ideas and creative options by which to address issues; continually driving change by seeking new w
ays to improve outcomes. Learning and Sharing Knowledge: sharing knowledge and expertise freely and willingly with others; coaching others to ensure k
nowledge transfer. Demonstrating Flexibility: adapting quickly and resourcefully to shifting priorities and requirements. Communicating Effectively: d
elivering presentations in a structured and clear way; adjusting style and content to the audience; responding calmly and confidently to questions.   
Language skills:  Spoken and written English: ability to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical spec
ifications and/or scientific reports and to make oral presentations. The willingness to learn French language would be an asset.      Additional Infor
mation    Eligibility and closing date:   Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of th
e Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. T
his vacancy will be filled as soon as possible, and applications should normally reach us no later than 15.05.2024.   Employment Conditions  Contract 
type: Limited duration contract (5 years). Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. 
These functions require:  Work during nights, Sundays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job refer
ence: EP-SFT-2024-41-LD Benchmark Job Title: Applied Physicist BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Fellow for machine learning enhanced multiscale reactive fluid dynamicsPaul Scherrer Institut (PSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Ma
i 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:VilligenPostdoctoral Fellow for machine learning enhanced multiscale reactive fluid dynamics The Pau
l Scherrer Institute PSI is the largest research institute for natural and engineering sciences within Switzerland. We perform cutting-edge research i
n the fields of future technologies, energy and climate, health innovation and fundamentals of nature. By performing fundamental and applied research,
 we work on sustainable solutions for major challenges facing society, science and economy. PSI is committed to the training of future generations. Th
erefore, about one quarter of our staff are post-docs, post-graduates or apprentices. Altogether, PSI employs 2200 people.  For the Laboratory for Was
te Management - Transport Mechanics group and within the scope of a research project funded by SwissNuclear we are looking for a    Your tasks    Cond
uct research in the area of cross-scale modelling of reactive multiphase flow (boiling) in complex heterogeneous materials, including conjugate heat t
ransfer and surface reactivity (dissolution / precipitation) with application to nuclear reactor flows and CRUD formation Use machine learning techniq
ues to accelerate the numerical solvers and numerical analysis, the existing framework of the in-house scientific multiscale codes and machine learnin
g tools will be the basis for further developments 2D/3D multiphase numerical simulations using the CPU and GPU capabilities of the in-house lattice-B
oltzmann codes, as well as commerical software Co-development of codes, including benchmarking and validation Publication of results in journals and c
onferences    Your profile  We are looking for a team player able to work independently with:  PhD degree in Mechanical or Nuclear Engineering / Natur
al Sciences / Environmental Sciences Experience in numerical simulations, fluid dynamics and multiphase flows (ideally with lattice Boltzmann method) 
Strong experience in numerical modelling and fluid dynamics, as well as programming experience (C / Cuda / Python) Very good command of English is req
uired (spoken and written)     We offer  Our institution is based on an interdisciplinary, innovative and dynamic collaboration. You will profit from 
a systematic training on the job, in addition to personal development possibilities and our pronounced vocational training culture. If you wish to opt
imally combine work and family life or other personal interests, we are able to support you with our modern employment conditions and the on-site infr
astructure.   Your employment contract is intially limited to 2 years with possible extension depending on the performance and future project availabi
lity.  For further information, please contact Dr Nikolaos Prasianakis, phone +41 56 310 24 15.  Please submit your application online by 21 June 2024
 (including list of publications and addresses of referees) for the position as a Postdoctoral Fellow (index no. 4403-01).  Paul Scherrer Institut, Hu
man Resources Management, Serdal Varol, 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland     www.psi.ch  KontaktPaul Scherrer Institut (PSI)(4)32 Jobshttps://www.psi.ch
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


programmers with skills in C++, Rust, 3D engine development and Machine LearningNumfum GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 Oktober 2023Pensum:100%
Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baselprogrammers with skills in C++, Rust, 3D engine development and Machine Learning+ JOBSJoin us in revolutionising
 the world of learning! Numfum is always on the look-out for talented 3D artists and programmers with skills in C++, Rust, 3D engine development and o
f course Machine Learning. We're a serious and dedicated bunch, very passionate about what we do, but we like to steer away as far as possible from an
y corporate humdrum. We can provide an opportunity for you to excel in your field, rather than being yet another cog in the machine. Get in touch with
 us to find out how you could be part of our talented Numfum family. What we offer Part of our appeal is that we offer competitive salaries, exception
al benefits, and we have a family-friendly company culture with a firm focus on work-life balance. You will have the opportunity to expand upon a besp
oke multi-platform 3D engine or grow our cutting-edge SRE tools, from a comfortable office in one of the most attractive parts of Basel, Switzerland. 
We have a truly international bunch of people working for us. This means that collectively we speak dozens of languages, but the day-to-day language i
s English. We are keen to have our core staff working together in Basel, so we are an 'office first' company. We strongly believe that a face-to-face 
working environment brings out the most in our staff, and of course it makes having movie nights and karaoke sessions so much easier! Application Proc
ess Apply by email with your CV and an extensive portfolio on GitHub, ArtStation etc. KontaktNUMFUM GmbH(0)1 Jobhttps://www.numfum.comBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


STAGE - Chargé(e) de Data Géotechnique - Apprentissage automatique, Machine Learning et Data EngineeringTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merk
enVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfSTAGE - Chargé(e) de Data Géotechnique - Apprentissage automatique, Mach
ine Learning et Data EngineeringLand Frankreich Ort 64 - Pyrénées-Atlantiques Ort des Arbeitsplatzes PAU-CSTJF(FRA) Domain Geoscience & Reservoir Art 
des Auftrags Pflichtpraktikum Dauer des Vertrages 2 Dauer Einheit Monate Erfahrung Weniger als 3 Jahre Zusätzliche Informationen Pour postuler, merci 
de joindre un CV + lettre de motivation (vos dates de stage doivent être indiquées).BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Two SNSF PhD positions on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-ResolutionUniversité de LausanneBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pen
sum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneTwo SNSF PhD positions on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-Resolution Introduction    UNIL 
is a leading international teaching and research institution, with over 5,000 employees and 17,000 students split between its Dorigny campus, CHUV and
 Epalinges. As an employer, UNIL encourages excellence, individual recognition and responsibility. Presentation    Recent progress in computer vision 
has accelerated the development of statistical downscaling, which uses statistical models to improve the spatiotemporal resolution of impactful climat
e variables, such as extreme temperatures, wind gusts, and precipitation. Machine learning (ML)-based super-resolution algorithms, which learn from da
ta how to best generate high-resolution images from their low-resolution version, are gaining traction because of their improved accuracy and low  omp
utational cost once trained. However, they are rarely designed to perform well on extremes, and their robustness is usually only tested in the present
 climate, where training data are available. These limitations prevent the widespread adoption of modern ML to better constrain uncertainties in the f
orecasting of local extremes and in the high-resolution projections of climate change.To address these limitations, our project leverages recent devel
opments in deep learning and geostatistics1 to design hybrid statistical-physical methods helping ML frameworks generalize to climate change and extre
me events. We will test these methods for two applications that combine downscaling with prediction over Switzerland: future climate projections and m
edium-range forecasting. For that purpose, we propose two synergistic PhD projects on Machine Learning for Weather/Climate Super-Resolution : The firs
t project generates spatially-resolved Swiss climate change scenarios that ensure physical consistency and preserve long-term trend. The second projec
t downscales medium-range forecasts over Switzerland, including small-scale features ignored by the original forecast. In both projects, we will explo
re the added value of state-of-the-art ML for atmospheric science, which remains challenging to understand. Both PhD positions will be hosted within U
NIL’s recently established Expertise Center for Climate Extremes, and will include collaboration opportunities with research groups from the instituti
ons listed below:● MeteoSwiss● LSCE-IPSL● University of California, Irvine● NVIDIA (Climate Simulation Team) Job information    Expected start date in
 position : 01.10.2024 / to be agreed Contract length : 1 year, renewable to a maximum of 4 years. Activity rate : 100% Workplace : Lausanne Mouline (
Géopolis) Your responsibilities     Technical Responsibilities:  Specific to the climate projection project: ● Develop and apply multivariate bias-cor
rection methods suitable for the Swiss climate scenarios, focusing on enforcing physical consistency, maintaining inter-variable consistency, and eval
uating spatial properties across downscaled outputs.● Integrate and test new algorithms for trend preservation in the downscaled variables, ensuring t
hat long-term climatic changes are accurately reflected in the projections.● Collaborate with MeteoSwiss to ensure that the downscaled models align wi
th the ongoing updates to Swiss climate change scenarios and are informed by the latest observational data. Specific to the weather forecasting projec
t: ● Design and implement machine learning models for medium-range weather forecasting that can handle initial conditions significantly different from
 those seen in the training data, especially under extreme weather conditions.● Ensure the calibration of downscaled outputs for longer lead times as 
predicted distributions shift towards climatology.● Develop and test feature transformation techniques that enhance the generalizability and accuracy 
of forecasts across complex topography, such as the Alpine region.● Collaborate with MeteoSwiss to ensure that the downscaled forecasts align with ong
oing forecasting and post-processing needs. For both projects: ● Establish the broad applicability of new machine learning frameworks (new architectur
es, techniques to improve extrapolation/explainability, improved conditioning of the predicted distributions, etc.) for climate applications. You will
 receive support from the project’s team and have the opportunity to co-supervise Master's interns.● Over the course of 4 years, complete 3-4 semester
s of teaching assistantship in geoinformatics, scientific programming, or machine learning for Earth and environmental science courses (no more than a
pproximately 5 hours/week).● Given that the collaboration with MeteoSwiss offers the opportunity to root your research in practice, we encourage flexi
bility between Lausanne and the MeteoSwiss offices (Zürich, Geneva, Locarno). Your qualifications Master’s degree in a quantitative field closely rel
ated to machine learning and/or climate science Strong background in scientific programming and data science Experience in manipulating scientific dat
asets, ideally including proficiency in Python. A solid foundation in applied mathematics and physics. We appreciate a range of competencies, includin
g but not limited to calculus, differential equations, statistics, mechanics, and thermodynamics Strong communication skills in English Enthusiasm for
 both atmospheric/climate science and scientific machine learning (Preferred but not required) Experience in high-performance computing (Preferred but
 not required) Background in numerical weather prediction and/or climate change science (Preferred but not required) Teaching experience Note that pro
ficiency in French and German is not required and free French and (Swiss) German courses are available at UNIL What the position offers you We offer a
 nice working place in a multicultural, diverse and dynamic academic environment. Opportunities for professional training, a lot of activities and oth
er benefits to discover. Annual salary of approximately CHF 45k-50k for up to 4 years, contingent upon satisfactory yearly reviews. Fully funded perso
nal research equipment, including a laptop, desktop computer, monitor, etc. Fully funded research-related travel, including conferences, collaboration
s, etc. Fully funded open-access publication costs. 5 weeks of paid holidays, in addition to national holidays. Paid parental leave. Access to UNIL's 
high-performance computing facilities, offering millions of CPU/GPU hours, 1 PB of storage, etc., with additional CPU hours available for computationa
lly intensive atmospheric simulations through collaborations. An international collaboration network. A friendly and cohesive culture at the Institute
 of Earth Surface Dynamics, including 1-2 day summer and winter retreats, usually in the Alps. Access to UNIL campus facilities, including a sports ce
nter with over 100 recreational options, campus-grown food, etc. Contact for further information    Prof. Tom Beucler tom.beucler@unil.ch Your applica
tion    Deadline : 31.05.2024 Please, send your full application with all the following in PDF. Curriculum Vitae Copy of all university degree certifi
cates and transcripts Names, affiliations, and email addresses of 2 references (e.g. Masters thesis advisor(s), academic staff members who have read y
our work, previous employers) Copy of one first-author research report (can be a manuscript, a thesis, or a class paper) Personal Statement (no more t
han 2 pages excluding bibliography), including: A ~250-word description of a possible PhD project related to the position’s topic A short description 
of what has been your favorite research experience so far and why Your professional goals, and how this position might further them Your teaching meth
ods (if you have no teaching experience: which teaching methods do you find most efficient?) Your strategies to collaborate with colleagues of diverse
 backgrounds and experience Only applications through this website will be taken into account. We thank you for your understanding. Additional informa
tion     We are dedicated to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment where all individuals are encouraged to apply, regardless of th
eir background. UNIL is committed to equal opportunities and diversity. www.unil.ch/egalite UNIL supports early career researchers.   www.unil.ch/grad
uatecampus The Faculty of Geosciences and Environment of the University of Lausanne adheres to the DORA agreement and follows its guidelines in the ev
aluation of applications (in short, quality over quantity) KontaktUniversité de Lausanne(0)67 Jobshttps://www.unil.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job meld
en


Machine Learning / AI Intern (f/m/x) 80-100% for 4-6 weekscomparis.ch AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:ZürichMachine Learning / AI Intern (f/m/x) 80-100% for 4-6 weeksÜber uns    Was du bei uns bewegen wirst    About us    What you will
 do   We’re looking for an open and passionate individual to join our data team. As a Machine Learning / AI Intern, you will have an exciting 4-6 week
 journey, ideally between August 1st and September 30th, where you will gain insights into what we do and how we do it. You will have the opportunity 
to challenge ideas, contribute with your own ideas, and ideally support the development of new solutions. Additionally, you will have the chance to re
fine Generative models and play a role in shaping the adoption of AI tools across the company. Your impactful work will help empower Swiss consumers i
n making informed decisions. In detail, you will be responsible for:   Assisting in the development of machine learning models, with a focus on Genera
tive AI. This will involve working on various use cases and helping to implement and improve machine learning algorithms.   Contributing to the creati
on of training datasets by performing exploratory analysis, selecting and preparing the data for machine learning purposes. This will involve cleaning
 and organising the data to ensure its quality and suitability for model training    Your new team    Must haves    Nice to haves    Was wir dafür von
 dir erwarten    Was du dafür mitbringst    What we expect from you     Creativity and curiosity for data-driven innovation in an online environment. 
Ability to apply data modelling, statistics and machine-learning to delight our users and solve business problems in the fields of personal finances a
nd marketplaces   Currently pursuing a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, data science, or a related field.    Knowledge/understanding
 in at least one programming language (e.g. Python, Scala, Java).    Interest in working with foundation models (e.g. LLMs, multimodal models). Practi
cal experience with tools like Python scikit-learn, LLMs deployment or fine-tuning is a plus.    Ideally, you could also participate in an AI Hackatho
n together with other students within the first week of the internship. Although the details of the hackathon are still being defined, we can assure y
ou that it will be a rewarding experience filled with valuable insights. There will be great prices for the winners and you will also have the opportu
nity to explore and develop the ideas from the hackathon throughout the duration of the internship    Fluent in English    Dein neues Team     Unsere 
Benefits    Our Benefits    Dafür kannst du Folgendes von uns erwarten    In return, here is what you can expect from us At Comparis, we believe that 
empowered employees deliver the best results. We cultivate a culture of transparency, mutual respect and trust. Firm believers in lifelong learning, w
e are always trying out new things and continuously developing – both as individuals and as a team. We also offer flat hierarchies, considerable auton
omy and creative freedom, as well as a skilled and motivated team that will advise and support you in your work and make it easy for you to push your 
own boundaries. Finally, we offer flexible working hours to work from wherever you are and live. This internship will provide you with valuable hands-
on experience in machine learning, data analysis, and visualisation. Your contributions will directly impact and enhance our projects. If you are eage
r to learn and have a passion for data-driven solutions, we would love to have you as part of our team!  Überzeugt?    Have we triggered your interest
?   Then don't hesitate and apply for our position today, by using the following link. If you have any questions, Daphne, our People Business Partner,
 will be happy to help. We look forward to receiving your application!  Note: This internship can be done in a fully remote set-up, max. time zone dif
ference of +/- 2 hours from Switzerland (GMT +2) or onsite in Switzerland. In case of a fully remote set-up, please note that the employment will be t
hrough our Employer of Record partner, remote.com, and accordingly, it will comply with the labour laws and conditions of the respective country. If y
ou come to Switzerland from abroad for this internship, Comparis will support you with organising and financing your travels and stay.   Noch allgemei
ne Fragen? Kontaktcomparis.ch AG(13)7 Jobshttps://www.comparis.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


CHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHMES & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceSchaerer AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024Pensum:100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:PremierCHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHMES & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceCHEF DE GROUPE DATA ALGORITHME
S & MACHINE LEARNING (F/H) Rejoignez notre centre mondial de l'innovation Groupe SEB :  Une équipe stratégie et planification qui dirige et pilote le 
portefeuille de domaines d'innovation Des Hubs d'innovation pluridisciplinaires qui mènent des projets d'innovation de rupture au plus près des princi
paux marchés du Groupe SEB Des Centres d'Excellence qui soutiennent les équipes de projet Innovation, Développement et Marketing dans leurs domaines d
'expertise respectifs: insight consommateurs, propriété intellectuelle, électronique et puissance, matériaux, sciences de l’alimentation, et ingénieri
e  Ce que nous allons accomplir ensemble : « Intégrez notre Centre mondial de l’innovation du Groupe SEB, pour contribuez à façonner les offres de pro
duits et de services de demain. Par votre expérience et expertise , venez renforcer notre capacité à apporter des propositions ou solutions collective
s, pour faciliter la vie de nos utilisateurs. Ensemble, créons un avenir pour leur quotidien », Serge Cubizolles, Responsable du Centre d’Excellence T
echnologique , n+1 du poste Contribuez à notre développement : Votre mission prend place au cœur du centre d’excellence technologique du nouveau centr
e mondial de l’innovation du groupe Seb. Vous êtes intégré à une équipe experte et d’envergure mondiale, dédiée aux questions mettant en jeux les Data
 et les Algorithmes. Au sein de cette équipe, votre rôle spécifique est d’assurer la consolidation et l’évolution des connaissances du domaine Data et
 Algorithmes. Vous recommandez la stratégie technologique à mener en vous appuyant sur les spécialistes associés internes ou externes et définissez le
s priorités, les besoins en ressources et compétences associées afin de répondre aux besoins actuels et futurs de l'organisation. Vos responsabilités 
consistent à :  Être le garant ultime de la pertinence des choix technologiques et organisationnels du domaine Data et Algorithmes, au niveau du group
e, en associant toutes les parties prenantes Animer et développer une équipe, et assurer la cohérence et la performance de l’équipe en pilotant la mis
sion le cas échéant Favoriser la collaboration transverse au sein de l’équipe en partageant les éléments pertinents en temps utile Assurer le cadre co
ntractuel des collaborations et prestations en lien avec les équipes juridiques Assurer la mise en place et l’entretien de moyens techniques ou budgét
aires pour répondre aux besoins actuels et futures de l’équipe  Apportez vos compétences :  De formation supérieure en informatique type école d’ingén
ieur, doctorat, ou équivalent, vous présentez une solide expérience technique, d’au moins 10 ans dans les domaines de l’informatique appliquée. Bases 
solides sur les métiers techniques de l’informatique et du numérique afin de pouvoir avoir des échanges techniques avec des experts techniques de diff
érents métiers : Développement Web et ingénierie : Full stack ou Devops, Architecture des systèmes : Reseaux, Cloud, Gestion de la Data : Base de donn
ées, Data science Passionné par les possibilités offertes par les différentes technologies autour de la data, du machine learning et du generative AI,
 vous êtes désireux d’approfondir toujours plus vos connaissances déjà acquises et de découvrir les nouvelles technologies de Blockchain, mais aussi l
a Cybersécurité et la protection des données, pour les appliquer au service de l’usage Force de proposition, curiosité et innovation, vous aimez le tr
avail en équipe et savez partager et vulgariser vos connaissances. La maitrise de l’anglais est obligatoire compte tenu du périmètre du poste.  Rencon
trons-nous :  Premier échange avec le manager et les équipes recrutement, Rencontre ensuite avec le Directeur de l’Innovation du Groupe  Intégrez un G
roupe Français International animé par :  Des valeurs : volonté d'entreprendre, passion pour l'innovation, professionnalisme, esprit de Groupe et resp
ect de la personne avec des engagements citoyens et d'innovations durables concrets, Un accompagnement de ses collaborateurs : 1 poste sur 2 est pourv
u en interne !, Des avantages pour tous : accords QVT dont 2 jours de télétravail par semaine, prime de vacances, participation/intéressement, 13è moi
s, CSE…  Découvrez-nous en vidéo ! Cliquez ici pour voir la vidéo sur le Campus SEB !KontaktSchaerer AG(10)47 Jobshttps://www.schaerer.comBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer - Industrial IoT (all genders)Angst+Pfister AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:DübendorfSoftware Engineer - Industrial IoT (all genders)Are you ready to be at the forefront of Industry 4.0 innovation? We're on the lookout for
 a highly motivated and experienced Software Engineer with a solid background in Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) and Machine Learning to join our
 dynamic team. As a key member of our Group Engineering team, you'll play a pivotal role in developing cutting-edge Industry 4.0 software solutions th
at harness the power of IIoT and Machine Learning technologies, ultimately enhancing our production capabilities.  YOUR MISSION  As a Software Enginee
r specializing in Industrial IoT, your responsibilities will include: Designing, developing, and deploying end-to-end IIoT solutions. Implementing and
 optimizing communication protocols for IIoT devices. Implementing machine learning algorithms for analyzing and extracting meaningful insights from I
IoT data, with a focus on predictive maintenance, anomaly detection, and other relevant use cases. Designing and implementing Industry 4.0 software so
lutions that seamlessly bridge the gap between IIoT devices and machine learning models. Developing scalable and maintainable code for deployment in d
iverse environments. Designing and implementing data storage and retrieval mechanisms tailored for IIoT data. Ensuring data integrity, security, and c
ompliance with relevant standards. Staying current with Industry 4.0 trends and emerging technologies to drive innovation in software development. YOU
R PROFILE  To thrive in this role, you should possess: A Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field. 3+ years of 
experience in software development with a focus on IIoT and Machine Learning. Experience working in an Agile methodology. Proficiency in programming l
anguages such as Python, C++, or Java. A strong understanding of IIoT protocols, standards, and architectures. Experience with machine learning framew
orks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Familiarity with edge computing and cloud-based IIoT platforms. Strong written and verbal English skills. German i
s a plus. Excellent problem-solving and communication skills. The ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. ANGST+PFISTER DNA:  The Angst
+Pfister Group has been a leading development and production partner for industrial components for over 100 years. As a globally active product and ma
terials specialist, Angst+Pfister serves customers - particularly in Europe, US, and Asia. We develop and manufacture customized and innovative produc
t solutions together with our customers. At Angst+Pfister, innovative thinking isn't just a mantra; it's the heartbeat of our culture. We thrive on dy
namism, where change is not feared, but embraced as an opportunity for growth. With a commitment to self-management, every team member is empowered to
 take ownership of their work and drive results. Collaboration is in our DNA, as we believe that the best ideas come from the collective genius of our
 diverse and passionate team. We're performance-driven, pushing boundaries and aiming for excellence in everything we do. Our commitment to fairness e
nsures that everyone has an equal chance to succeed, and together, we foster an environment of continuous growth, where every day is an exciting journ
ey towards a brighter future.  YOUR BENEFITS You are part of a company that promotes trust and relies on your ability for self-management and personal
 responsibility. You work in a well-established company that serves a broad range of clients across different industries. You have the chance to work 
at the Innovation Park in Dübendorf, where science and business come together. You are part of a young, dynamic team in an international environment a
nd have individual career opportunities. If you're passionate about shaping the future of industrial technology, driving innovation, and making a sign
ificant impact, we encourage you to apply. Your expertise will contribute to the development of cutting-edge solutions at the intersection of IIoT and
 Machine Learning, propelling us towards new heights in Industry 4.0. Join our team where diversity thrives. We're an equal opportunity employer—your 
unique talents are what we're after. No discrimination, just endless possibilities. Apply now and let's build a brighter future together! KontaktAngst
+Pfister AG(3)6 Jobshttps://www.angst-pfister.com/de/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


HID Algorithms Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:ZürichHID Algorithms Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)HID Algorithms Engineer Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Hardware Join the innovative engineering te
am that uses sensor signal processing to produce the next generation of human interfaces for AirPods, iPhone, iPad, Mac, and exciting new products. Ou
r team comes from diverse backgrounds, including signal and image processing, statistics, machine learning, controls, physics, firmware and software d
evelopment, neuroscience, and human factors. We are looking for a skilled algorithm engineer who works well in cross-disciplinary teams over a full pr
oduct cycle. HID operates at the intersection of hardware, software, and design. This means that the wide variety of problems you will solve have many
 interesting facets and you will get to work with specialists from all across Apple. Key Qualifications  Proficiency in C / C++ Experience developing 
for resource-constrained environments (e.g., embedded systems) Experience with automated data processing, in a high-level language like Python Solid a
lgorithm or math fundamentals. You will be comfortable working with (and learning as necessary) topics like machine learning, statistics, signal proce
ssing, etc. Excellent problem-solving and root-cause analysis skills  Description We are looking for an algorithm engineer who can write efficient and
 scalable C / C++ code to perform signal processing and ML algorithms in multiple compute environments. You will work with other algorithm engineers t
o analyze and validate algorithm prototypes. You will then architect and code the algorithm implementation, often targeting embedded or resource-const
rained systems. You will work with software and firmware engineers to integrate your code into the product. You will also help architect, develop, and
 optimize data processing and machine learning frameworks. This is a role where you will design, develop, and support high quality, scalable algorithm
 implementations and data processing pipelines that enable rapid algorithm development, analysis, and implementation for Apple products. Education & E
xperience B.S. or M.S. in EE, CS, ME, mathematics, physics, or another engineering or technical field We would appreciate additional experience with: 
Experience with real-time data, such as signal processing, finance, or online machine learning Machine learning and data science tools, deployment of 
machine learning models Infrastructure development for large-scale data processing and annotation Optimizing data processing workflows through cloud-b
ased storage Additional Requirements  Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative ac
tion to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabi
lities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applic
ants. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview proce
ss, perform crucial job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation. KontaktAppl
e Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist mit Schwerpunkt KIKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselData S
cientist mit Schwerpunkt KI Ihre Aufgaben Data Science: Die Analyse von komplexen Datensätzen gehört ebenso zu deinen Tätigkeiten wie die Bewertung ne
uer Technologien und Methoden im Bereich der Datenwissenschaften und der künstlichen Intelligenz. Machine Learning & KI: Du entwickelst und implementi
erst Machine Learning-Modelle zur Analyse großer Datenmengen und leitest die Evaluation, die Installation und das Finetuning von lokal installierten L
arge Language Models (LLM). Advanced Analytics: Du wendest Methoden der Advanced Analytics auf strukturierte und unstrukturierte Daten an und trägst z
ur Wissensvermittlung dieser Methoden an die Mitarbeitenden der kantonalen Verwaltung bei. Ihr Profil Erfahrung: Data Science ist dein Fachgebiet. Du 
hast Erfahrung in der Analyse von grossen Datenbeständen unter Mithilfe von Elementen der künstlichen Intelligenz sowie der Entwicklung und Implementi
erung von Machine Learning-Modellen. Persönlichkeit: Du arbeitest mit Freude in verschiedenen Projekten mit thematisch unterschiedlichen Schwerpunkten
. Du erledigst deine Aufgaben verantwortungsbewusst und speditiv. Du bist initiativ und kontaktfreudig. Teamarbeit beflügelt dich. Ausbildung: Du verf
ügst über ein abgeschlossenes Studium mit quantitativem Schwerpunkt auf Masterstufe. Sprache: Du hast fundierte Programmierkenntnisse in Python, R und
 ähnlicher Software. KontaktKanton Basel-StadtBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant in Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenZHAW Zürcher H
ochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:WinterthurResear
ch Assistant in Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenResearch Assistant i
n Machine Learning for Complex Industrial Systems 80 - 100 % Are you passionate about contributing to state-of-the-art research in data science and ma
chine learning? Are you equally excited to see your research results implemented in industry? Are you fascinated by understanding engineered technical
 machines and combining this with cutting-edge deep learning methods? School: School of Engineering Starting date: 1st of July 2024 or by mutual agree
ment.  As part of our research team, you will take a central role in applied research projects in the field of AI for intelligent maintenance systems.
 You will develop innovative approaches using state of the art statistical, machine learning and deep learning methods and publish your outcomes in sc
ientific papers. You will develop and implement data-driven algorithms for detection, diagnostics and prognostics of incipient failures in industrial 
assets and infrastructures. You will combine engineering knowledge with data-science techniques (physics-informed machine learning). You will closely 
collaborate with our industry partners in order to implement your algorithms in the operational environment. You will have a chance to work on project
s in diverse application fields with various industry partners. The focus of your work will be on algorithm research and development, with relatively 
little data management/engineering. You will have the opportunity to co-supervise student research projects. You will be supported by experienced coll
eagues from the team in order to further develop your technical and scientific skills. Your daily work will typically allow for a high level of flexib
ility and freedom. You have a master degree in engineering, physics, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics or a related discipline. Altern
atively, you have a bachelor degree in one of the above with practical experience in applied data science projects. You have programming experience in
 Python. Experience with TensorFlow and Keras/PyTorch is an advantage. You have experience with applying data analytical and machine learning methods.
 Experience with deep leaning algorithms is advantageous. You have high oral and written communication skills in English and preferably also in German
. You are curious to learn and develop new methods and algorithms and apply them in real industrial systems. You are motivated to develop your persona
l research skills, coached by experienced researchers.  We encourage applications from proactive and self-motivated candidates with analytical thinkin
g and strong problem-solving passion and abilities, good communication skills and original thinking. Zurich University of Applied Sciences ZHAW is one
 of Switzerland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 faculty and staff. ZHAW is committed
 to gender-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation. In order to increase the proportion of women in management 
positions, applications from women are particularly welcome. The Institute of Data Analysis and Process Design (IDP) is a center of competence for the
 development and application of quantitative methods in the areas of data analysis and operations research. The Smart Maintenance Team of the IDP deve
lops innovative solutions for intelligent condition monitoring, fault detection, diagnostics and prognostics of technical equipment. In our team you w
ill enjoy an exciting and rewarding working environment, combining close industrial collaboration with multidisciplinary innovative research. The posi
tion is limited to one year but may be extended, up to a maximal period of three years. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingung
en an und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der W
ebseite «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Lilach Goren Huber Research Associate Smart Maintenance Jasmin Strobel Recru
iting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


MLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:ZürichMLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab - Jobs bei Apple (CH)MLOps Engineer - Zurich Vision Lab Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Machine L
earning and AI We live in a mobile world that enables us to stay connected with our loved ones despite being physically apart. At Apple, we develop re
volutionary technologies for products that will define how we will be communicating in the future. For this, we are looking for top talent that wants 
to do the best work of their lives in an environment of excellence, creativity, innovation and partnership. The Zurich Vision Lab is an R&D team worki
ng at the intersection of modern Machine Learning and Computer Graphics. Because we integrate tightly with the hardware platform and even influence it
s design, we are able to build products that are extremely fast, power efficient, and accurate. We are pursuing ground-breaking fundamental research t
o ship features that enrich the lives of our customers – such as Persona in Vision Pro, Portrait mode, FaceTime Eye Contact, ARKit, Memoji. We are loo
king for an exceptional MLOps Engineer with great software engineering skills to support the machine learning engineers’ work. You will be working in 
a diverse, fast moving team in Zurich, Switzerland, and interact with teams around the globe. Key Qualifications  Experience in Python software engine
ering Experience with DevOps techniques like CI/CD, containers, Infrastructure as Code, immutable infrastructure, GitOps and relevant tools Experience
 with development of web applications and scalable APIs (REST, GraphQL) using frameworks like Django, Flask, FastAPI. Frontend and TypeScript experien
ce is a plus Experience with databases and SQL. Experience with PostgreSQL is a plus Knowledge of Linux administration and automation. Experience in m
acOS is a plus Experience with distributed build systems or data processing pipelines is a plus Knowledge of Machine Learning or Computer Vision is a 
plus Excellent collaboration and teamwork skills The requirements listed above are not fixed rules. If you meet many of them or have other relevant ex
perience, we encourage you to apply. All candidate profiles are considered for their fit to the role.  Description You will be working on internal sof
tware and infrastructure that enables the machine learning team to work on next-generation projects and products. As a member of the infrastructure te
am your objectives will be the improvement and acceleration of all aspects of the machine learning workflows, from data processing pipelines, CI/CD in
tegrations, to the development of custom tools. You will work closely with the research and development team in a fast paced environment where you wil
l be asked to solve problems by providing innovative solutions while writing high quality and maintainable code. Your willingness to pick up novel tas
ks and tools and acquire novel skills will help you thrive. The results of the work of Zurich Vision Lab are used by millions of customers every day, 
running our algorithms on their devices. Therefore the focus in our MLOps work is on tooling and automation for running large scale data pipelines to 
generate the training data, train the models in cloud environments, thoroughly evaluate their quality, and providing CI for Python codebases. Educatio
n & Experience PhD, Masters or Bachelor in computer science, information systems, physics, mathematics or equivalent, or equivalent work experience. I
f this is you, we'd love to hear from you.KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps://www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in the field of Quantum Machine Learning (Prof. A. Lucchi, Dr. Stefan Woerner and Dr. D Universität BaselBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen Blic
kVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Arbeitsort:Basel  The University of Basel (Prof. Aurelien Lucchi) and IBM Research Zurich (Dr. Stefan Woerner an
d Dr. David Sutter) are seeking applications for a PhD position in Quantum Machine Learning. This position offers an exciting opportunity to work on c
utting-edge research projects at the intersection of quantum computing and machine learning. Potential topics for the position include developing the 
next generation of quantum deep neural networks and developing new training algorithms with convergence guarantees.  About the University of Basel: Th
e University of Basel is a research university located in Switzerland. It is one of the oldest universities in Europe, with a long history of excellen
ce in natural sciences. The university has a strong focus on interdisciplinary research and collaboration, with a wide range of research groups and in
stitutes across different faculties. The position is offered in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science.  About IBM Research - Zurich: The 
IBM Research Laboratory in Zurich, Switzerland, is part of IBM's research division, which employs 3000 individuals at twelve research laboratories wor
ldwide. It is the largest industrial IT research organization in the world. Cutting-edge research and outstanding scientific achievements - most notab
ly two Nobel Prizes - are associated with the Zurich Laboratory. Ideal starting date: second half of 2024. Your position Your tasks include: Conduct r
esearch in the field of applied mathematics and computer science Write research papers, articles, and present results at leading international confere
nces. We publish in peer-reviewed machine learning conferences (ICML, NeurIPS, etc. ), in quantum conference avenues (QIP, TQC, IEEE QCE, etc.), and i
n quantum journals (Nature, PRL/PRX, Quantum, etc.). Interact with national and international teams of mathematicians and computer scientists Position
 available starting in the second half of 2024 (position may begin later based on agreement). The position will be primarily based at IBM Research in 
Zurich (with frequent visits to Basel). Your profile Applicants should hold a Master's degree in mathematics, theoretical physics, or computer science
 (or comparable). You should have several of the following skills: Quantum information theory (theoretical aspects, algorithms, etc) Machine learning 
Optimization Software engineering (coding in python, Qiskit, etc) Additional requirements include: outstanding academic record, very strong mathematic
s background, experience with research is not required but is a plus. Excellent communication skills and fluency in English (spoken and written) are r
equired. We also seek to increase the number of women and other groups in areas where they are underrepresented and therefore explicitly encourage suc
h groups to apply. We offer you   Close supervision of your Ph.D. research, working with and access to international collaborators A diverse range of 
tasks in a dynamic environment The possibility to travel to international conferences to meet with distinguished scientists Excellent salary, benefits
 and working conditions    Application / Contact  If interested, please send an application as described below to Write an email.Your application shou
ld be a **single pdf file** containing the following files: Curriculum vitae (including a list of publications if applicable) Scanned transcripts of b
achelor's and master's degree Contact information (no direct recommendation letters) for at least two references that can recommend you Your latest th
esis (and/or one of your publications if applicable) You are encouraged to send your application before May 17, 2024. However, there is no deadline fo
r applying, and the position will be open until a suitable candidate is found. If your application is short-listed, we will contact you within three w
eeks. Due to a large volume of applications, we cannot inform you if your application is not selected for an interview.  Universität Basel4000 Basel K
ontaktUniversität Basel(4)26 Jobshttps://www.unibas.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data ScientistNetGuardians SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Yverdon-les-BainsSenior 
Data Scientist Senior Data Scientist About Us: NetGuardians is a leading provider of advanced analytics solutions in the banking and financial industr
y. We are dedicated to combating fraud and enhancing security through innovative technologies and cutting-edge data analytics. As we continue to expan
d our global footprint, we are seeking a talented Senior Data Scientist to join our dynamic team. Role Overview: Reporting directly to the Lead Data S
cientist and indirectly to the CTO, the Senior Data Scientist will play a pivotal role in the research and development of NetGuardians' analytics stac
k. This role requires a strong foundation in data analytics, machine learning, and advanced algorithms, as well as the ability to work autonomously an
d efficiently in processing and analyzing data from various sources. Key Responsibilities: Develop and maintain NetGuardians' data analytics model too
ls in Python. Design advanced algorithms and machine learning models to implement use cases solving business problems. Collaborate with cross-function
al teams to define and deliver product marketing strategies and content. Conduct technology watch and research to stay ahead of market trends and cust
omer requirements. Prototype, implement, and maintain innovative solutions to enhance NetGuardians' analytics platform. Provide guidance and support t
o junior data scientists and interns. Requirements: PhD or MSc in Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of ex
perience in applied analytics, in a corporate environment or relevant academic context. Proficiency in Python and strong knowledge of machine learning
, mathematics, and predictive models. Experience in developing production-ready code and working with CI/CD principles. Excellent communication skills
 and ability to work autonomously. Strong motivation/curiosity to learn new things and discover new technologies, with the ability to critically asses
s their quality and applicability. Fluent in English; proficiency in French or other languages is a plus. KontaktNetguardians SA(0)6 Jobshttps://netgu
ardians.breezy.hr/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist (Databricks)wega Informatik AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselData Scient
ist (Databricks)We are a Pharma and Life Science IT service provider that has been successfully carrying out 'state-of-the-art' projects for internati
onal customers for more than 30 years, now. Our consultants work in our office in Basel from home on our customer’s premises We are a dynamic forward-
thinking and expanding organization with a great team spirit and always on the look out for like-minded individuals. If you are driven by ambition and
 highly motivated by challenging jobs, as well as financial incentives, you have come to the right place. With our attractive compensation and fringe 
benefits model, this is a great opportunity to maximize your earning potential. The further development of our colleagues and team members coupled wit
h an excellent work atmosphere are amongst the top values of our company. As an experienced Data Scientist/Business Analyst you have a proven track re
cord in successfully managing laboratory research or clinical data  projects. Your professional background and experience enables you to efficiently s
upport our customers in bridging between IT and business to build and optimize their IT landscape.   Your Areas of Responsibilities: Work through our 
customer's entire data ecosystem to      understand their needs and where to find and collect that information Build and program machine learning on D
atabricks and statistical models based on      digital, molecular, biobanking, clinical or Real World Evidence data. Advise on advanced data analytics
 both in standard statistics and      machine learning activities Support the evaluation of the designed models and present results      through data 
visualization Drive the execution of data science experiments based on business      requirements and data and present the results to business stakeho
lders Advise team members on the design and scientific background of      statistical models Organize knowledge sharing sessions in order to teach Dat
a Science      basic principles to project team members Your Qualification and Experience: University      Degree in Statistics, Biology, Computer Sci
ence,      Bioinformatics, etc. 3 - 5  years of relevant work experience in Data Science within Life Sciences R&D domain Good understanding and work e
xposure with AWS Databricks Experience in data wrangling, modelling, integrating and comparing a wide range of      clinical data types At least 3 yea
rs of experience      in applying major data science, statistics and machine learning algorithms      (e.g. Data Science, Support Vector Machines, Neu
ral Nets, Deep Learning,      Machine Learning) and methods for exploratory, and confirmatory data      analysis in mid to large volume data sets  Exp
erience in regulated environments (GxP, GAMP, 21 CFR Part 11) and IT projects Substantial      experience with SAS/R and/or Python, ideally in Pharma 
Work      well within a team and collaborate with individuals with technical and      non-technical backgrounds Strong      communication skills, both
 verbal and written Work exposure within an international environment in life sciences field Fluent      in English (in writing and speaking), German 
or French would be an advantage Kontaktwega Informatik AG(0)5 Jobshttps://www.wega-it.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Technology ConsultantEPAM Systems (Switzerland) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Genf
Data Technology Consultant305 King St W Suite 1100 Kitchener, ON N2G 1B9 Canada Data Technology Consultant Description ABOUT THE ROLE Advance your car
eer at the forefront of innovation as a Data Technology Consultant and join our cutting-edge team in Geneva. This exciting role requires a technical v
irtuoso with expertise in Data-Driven technologies, Dataiku Data Science Studio platform and Snowflake. Your skills in data analysis tools and machine
 learning will be instrumental in pushing the boundaries of innovation. If you thrive on challenges, are passionate about data and excel in a cross-fu
nctional, international team, then our company is eager to welcome you aboard. Responsibilities  Administer the Dataiku Data Science Studio platform, 
including user management, project configuration and access control Design and maintain data architectures required for machine learning projects in c
ollaboration with teams of data scientists and data engineers. Manage the secure provision of data repositories on the platform, ensuring their access
ibility and compliance with quality and security standards Manage the integration, deployment, monitoring and maintenance of machine learning models t
hrough Dataiku Ensure the automation of data and ML workflows and integrate monitoring and alert systems to anticipate and resolve incidents Implement
 best MLOps and DevOps practices, notably in terms of CI/CD, scaling and model performance Develop and maintain up-to-date documentation of procedures
 and systems for internal reference and training of new users Work with IT teams to ensure consistency between the Dataiku platform and existing IT in
frastructure, including cloud and on-site environments Encourage and support a collaborative work environment for data and idea sharing and improve da
ta science skills within the organization  Requirements  Strong experience working as a Data Technology Consultant, Data Analyst Proficiency in Dataik
u Data Science Studio and Snowflake Solid understanding of data analysis tools and ML best practices Demonstrated ability in managing and designing da
ta platforms Experience with data architecture, machine learning models, MLOps and DevOps practices Experience with CI/CD pipelines, scaling and optim
izing model performance Fluent English and French language skills are needed  We Offer  EPAM Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Enhanced parental lea
ve Extended pension plan Daily sickness allowance insurance Employee assistance program Referral program Hybrid working opportunities Global business 
travel medical and accident insurance Great learning and development opportunities, including in-house professional training, career advisory and coac
hing, sponsored professional certifications, well-being programs, LinkedIn Learning Solutions and much more EPAM Switzerland was named a Top Company 2
022, 2023 & 2024 by Kununu for its people centric culture built on life-long learning Certain benefits and perks may be subject to eligibility require
ments  Additional  Please note that any offers will be subject to appropriate background checks We do not accept CVs from recruiting or staffing agenc
ies For this position, we are able to consider applications from the following: Swiss nationals EU/EFTA nationals Third-country nationals based in Swi
tzerland with an appropriate work permit Displaced people from Ukraine who are currently in Switzerland and hold, or have already applied for, S permi
ts KontaktEPAM Systems (Switzerland) GmbH(3)46 Jobshttps://www.epam.com/careers/job-listingsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist 80 - 100%Viseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hData Scientist 80 - 100%Liebst du es mit grossen Datenmengen zu arbeiten? Ist das Gewinnen von Erkenntnissen aus Daten eine deiner Leidenschaften? Br
ingst du starke Softwareentwicklungskompetenzen mit? Falls ja, dann suchen wir dich per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung als Verstärkung für unser Risk A
nalytics Team mit Arbeitsort in Zürich. Aufgaben Entwicklung von Machine Learning Modellen, um die Entscheidungsfindung zu beschleunigen und Prozesse 
zu automatisieren Weiterentwicklung des in-house Analytics Toolsets Unterstützung bei der Automatisierung von Machine-Learning Prozessen (MLOps) Unter
stützung der Fachbereiche bei der Bearbeitung und Beantwortung von analytischen Fragestellungen rund um die Themen Credit Risk und Fraud Prevention mi
t Reports und Analyse Profil Abgeschlossenes Hochschulstudium mit quantitativer Ausrichtung Sehr gute analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Sehr 
gute Kenntnisse in Datenbanksystemen und SQL Sehr gute Kenntnisse in Python sowie Erfahrung mit Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, PyTorch Erfahrung mit Git
 und CI/CD Prozessen ist von Vorteil Du bist umsetzungsstark, belastbar und zeichnest dich durch selbständiges Arbeiten aus Du verfügst über starke Ko
mmunikationsfähigkeiten und nimmst proaktiv Kontakt mit dem Fachbereich auf Gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse sind vorausgesetzt Chancen Bei Viseca
 arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit guten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur 
und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohn
nebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.   Kontakt Viseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an
 unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist 80 - 100%Viseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hData Scientist 80 - 100%Liebst du es mit grossen Datenmengen zu arbeiten? Ist das Gewinnen von Erkenntnissen aus Daten eine deiner Leidenschaften? Br
ingst du starke Softwareentwicklungskompetenzen mit? Falls ja, dann suchen wir dich per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung als Verstärkung für unser Risk A
nalytics Team mit Arbeitsort in Zürich. Aufgaben Entwicklung von Machine Learning Modellen, um die Entscheidungsfindung zu beschleunigen und Prozesse 
zu automatisieren Weiterentwicklung des in-house Analytics Toolsets Unterstützung bei der Automatisierung von Machine-Learning Prozessen (MLOps) Unter
stützung der Fachbereiche bei der Bearbeitung und Beantwortung von analytischen Fragestellungen rund um die Themen Credit Risk und Fraud Prevention mi
t Reports und Analyse Profil Abgeschlossenes Hochschulstudium mit quantitativer Ausrichtung Sehr gute analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Sehr 
gute Kenntnisse in Datenbanksystemen und SQL Sehr gute Kenntnisse in Python sowie Erfahrung mit Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, PyTorch Erfahrung mit Git
 und CI/CD Prozessen ist von Vorteil Du bist umsetzungsstark, belastbar und zeichnest dich durch selbständiges Arbeiten aus Du verfügst über starke Ko
mmunikationsfähigkeiten und nimmst proaktiv Kontakt mit dem Fachbereich auf Gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse sind vorausgesetzt Chancen Bei Viseca
 arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit guten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur 
und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohn
nebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.   Kontakt Viseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an
 unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistHolcim AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData ScientistZURICH, CH Data Sc
ientist SUMMARY OF THE JOB The Data Scientist will support digital transformation (automations, data strategy) and analytics (descriptive and predicti
ve) projects. MAIN ACTIVITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES  Data curation and automation: Cleaning of raw data and gap filling, transformation of raw data into 
different formats and alignment with master data, integration of data from various sources and automation of data matching processes, updating/maintai
ning/backups of databases Data visualization: Maintaining and amending dashboards (Qlik, Tableau or similar) Monthly reports/presentations automation:
 suggest and implement best options/tools Support data strategy project: Participate in the discovery, design and the implementation of the new Datala
ke development for the Holcim Trading applications Support GenAI applications: Collaborate with our 3rd party consultants and the corporate team to im
plement and deploy the AI use case identified for Holcim Trading  PROFILE REQUIRED Education/Qualification  Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data 
Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related discipline with an IT focus  Experience  Proven experience working with big datasets and SQL for data ext
raction, manipulation, and analysis Proven experience working Databricks Big Data Intelligence platform Proficiency in Python (& PySpark is a plus) pr
ogramming language for data analysis and machine learning tasks. Strong knowledge of standard analytical packages like Pandas, Numpy etc. Experience i
n data visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau or similar Very good understanding of statistical concepts and machine learning techniques such as re
gression, classification, clustering, and feature engineering is a plus Experience in working with cloud-based platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Clou
d) is a plus  Knowledge and skills  Proficiency in SQL Proficiency in Python Programming Language Data Visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau or si
milar Cloud based platforms(e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint)  Language  Excellent English, written and spoken BewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Engineer (Remote Europe)Ikerian AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernResearch Engin
eer (Remote Europe) Ikerian AG (formerly RetinAI Medical) is a fast-growing medical device software company headquartered in Bern, Switzerland. Our mi
ssion is to enable the right decisions sooner in healthcare, through transformative AI & data management solutions for disease screening and monitorin
g. Join our diverse team of entrepreneurs, developers, researchers, and commercial experts who are collectively shaping the future of healthcare. We a
re now looking for an enthusiastic, innovative and skilled Research Engineer to reinforce our team.   Role Overview:We are seeking a Research Engineer
 to join our team. This vital role in our research division contributes significantly to our mission of advancing precision medicine and healthcare in
novation. The position involves collaborating with machine learning scientists to develop, integrate, deploy, debug and document advanced ML models to
 validate research findings and demonstrate the feasibility of new technologies or concepts. Key Responsibilities:  Prototyping & Validation: Build an
d test prototypes or proof-of-concept models to confirm research findings and demonstrate the viability of new technologies. Integration & Deployment:
 Work with machine learning scientists to deploy advanced ML models into our software platform, enhancing its application in clinical and research set
tings. Software Solutions & Compliance: Develop and deploy software solutions and algorithms for medical imaging analysis, ensuring adherence to medic
al software standards, such as IEC 62304. Maintenance of existing software Problem-Solving: Identify technical challenges within research projects and
 develop solutions. Debugging & Stability: Address software issues to improve the stability and reliability of applications. Collaborative Expertise: 
Engage with teams across disciplines to understand project requirements and apply technical expertise to solve complex problems.   Master’s degree in 
Software Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field, with a solid foundation or experience in machine learning. Demonstrated experience in soft
ware development and deployment, especially in clinical environments.  Understanding of medical software development standards, particularly IEC 62304
. Experience in medical imaging; Ophthalmology is a plus. Proficiency in Python and familiarity with ML frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow. A b
lend of academic and industry experience, showcasing the application of theoretical knowledge in practical settings. Strong communication skills and t
he ability to work well in a multidisciplinary team. A proactive approach, fueled by a passion for AI and ML, with an interest in digital health, prec
ision medicine, and eye care. Experience in a startup or consulting environment is an advantage. Must be a resident of a European country and  be flue
nt in English   A chance to be part of an exceptional team driving innovation in healthcare. A competitive salary in a supportive work environment tha
t fosters work-life balance. Opportunities for professional growth and development in an international setting. A culture of collaboration and inclusi
on, which is fundamental to our ethos. Occasional travel to our HQ in Switzerland, immersing you in our core operations and company culture. Provision
 of hardware and software equipment to facilitate efficient and effective remote work.    We invite qualified candidates eager to make a difference in
 healthcare technology to apply. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship (m/f) 80-100% - Feature Classification and ProcessingAutoForm Development GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 März 2024Pensum:80 – 100%
Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInternship (m/f) 80-100% - Feature Classification and ProcessingIn sheet metal forming, components are often ma
nufactured in several steps. For simulation and tool creation, the states between these steps are needed. Currently, users can achieve this by applyin
g various geometry operators. The goal of this internship is to automate this process. The user selects a specific area of the component. Afterward, t
his area should be analyzed, and a suggestion of the required operators and their parameters should be generated for the user. The complexity of these
 areas varies from simple to highly complex. Once the simple cases are solved, the complexity can be extended as desired. Solutions can involve geomet
ric analyses of components, heuristic methods, machine learning approaches, or a mix of these approaches. The implementation will be in C++. Your task
s Automate the process of feature uncoiling Classify given areas of a component Suggest geometry operators and parameters Use geometric analyses, heur
istic methods, machine learning or a mix Your profile Sound knowledge of OO analysis, design and programming Good programming skills in C++ Strong tec
hnical interest, willingness to get involved in complex technical issues Interest in working with geometry modifications (meshes, faces, shells) Team 
Player with a strong commitment to problem solving Good knowledge of English required. German would be a plus Our offer A challenging role in a respec
tful and global working environment  Being part of a world-leading, high-end CAE software company Working on cutting edge technologies for the automot
ive industry Excellent balance between your working life and your private life through flexible working hours    This role is based in Zurich. Start a
s soon as possible. The duration at 100% workload is 6 months. The minimum workload is 80%, extending the duration accordingly. Start of work is as so
on as possible. Please note that we only consider applicants that have the legal right to work in the respective location. We will only consider direc
t applications. We are looking forward to receiving your application. Learn more about AutoForm at our YouTube Channel or see our software in action. 
 Processing of applicant’s personal data is based on our Data Privacy Policy. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in computer-aided catalyst designETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich
PhD position in computer-aided catalyst designPhD position in computer-aided catalyst design 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Digital Chemistry Laboratory
 is led by Prof. Dr. Kjell Jorner at the Institute of Chemical and Bioengineering, within the Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences at ETH Z
urich. Our mission is to accelerate chemical discovery using digital tools. We predict chemical reactivity and molecular properties using the tools of
 machine learning, computational chemistry, and cheminformatics. Our ultimate goal is the computer-aided design of molecules and especially catalysts.
 Project background Catalysts are needed to produce the large amounts and types of chemicals that we use in modern life. Development of new catalysts 
and improvement of existing ones enable us to, for example, synthesize new types of medicines or increase the efficiency of industrial processes. New 
catalyst will also be needed for the transition to chemical production from sustainable feedstocks and chemical recycling. Computer-aided catalyst des
ign aims to accelerate the currently slow process of catalyst development. This project focuses on development of new methods for computer-aided molec
ular design using a combination of quantum-chemical simulations and machine learning. Initially, focus will be on catalysis for generation of small or
ganic molecules by simple catalysts such as Lewis acids, and the scope will later be widened to more complicated systems. The project is highly interd
isciplinary and will be carried out in collaboration with groups in theoretical chemistry, computer science and applied mathematics. Job description A
s a PhD student in our growing team, you will perform quantum-chemical simulations using the Chemoton autonomous reaction simulation software to gener
ate large datasets for catalyzed chemical reactions. Building on the generated data, you will work with our collaborators in computer science and appl
ied mathematics to develop state-of-the art generative machine learning models to design improved catalysts for these reactions. Your profile We are l
ooking for a committed and motivated candidate that is excited to push the boundaries of research in computer-aided catalyst design. Essential experie
nce, skills, and characteristics:  A Master’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, computational science, physics, or related fields, or expecta
tion of obtaining such a degree before September 2024. English proficiency. Self-motivation, ability to work independently and solution-oriented menta
lity. Interdisciplinary and collaborative mindset and desire to work with people from different disciplines and backgrounds. Programming experience us
ing languages such as Julia, Python, R, etc.  Desirable criteria:  Experience of quantum-chemical simulations from research projects or thesis Experie
nce of applying machine learning from research projects or thesis Familiarity with reactions mechanisms and their description through transition state
 theory  Your workplace Your workplace We offer You will join a new, dynamic, and growing research group in the emerging field of Digital Chemistry in
 the highly motivating environment of ETH Zurich. We foster a modern and supportive group culture and value diversity, independence, and initiative. T
he position is embedded in an exciting and interdisciplinary research environment with connections to the ETH AI Center and the National Competence Ce
nter for Research, NCCR Catalysis, connecting the chemical sciences, digitalization, and sustainability. ETH also hosts the SwissCat+, a data-driven t
echnology platform with high-throughput experimentation for catalysis. A competitive salary is paid according to Rate 2 of the Doctoral student salary
 ladder. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application until June 15, including:  Cover letter Curriculu
m vitae Copies of BSc and MSc educational records  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal
. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We will continuously evaluate applications as they come in. Further information ab
out the group can be found on our website and you can follow us on X/Twitter at @DCL_ETHZ. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof
. Dr. Kjell Jorner by email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online appli
cation until June 15, including:  Cover letter Curriculum vitae Copies of BSc and MSc educational records  Please note that we exclusively accept appl
ications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. We will continuously evalu
ate applications as they come in. Further information about the group can be found on our website and you can follow us on X/Twitter at @DCL_ETHZ. Que
stions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Kjell Jorner by email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobsh
ttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI & Data Engineer Nexplore AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fortge
schritten)Arbeitsort:Thun (Gwatt) Du brennst für AI Engineering und Daten-Architekturen? Dann haben wir hier Deine Stelle!   80 - 100 % | Thun | Bern 
| Basel | Zürich | Homeoffice      Deine neuen Rollen AI Engineer    Du analysierst die Bedürfnisse des Kunden und wählst passende Modelle aus.    Du 
trainierst, validierst und bindest Machine Learning Modelle ein.    Du hast mindestens 2 Jahre Projekterfahrung in AI, ML und Data Engineering Projekt
en.    Du hast praktische Kenntnisse im Bereich Azure ML und Azure AI Services, LLM / RAG von Vorteil.   Du verfügst über eine abgeschlossene Ausbildu
ng oder ein abgeschlossenes Studium (Informatik, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Physik, Statistik, etc.)     Data Engineer / Scientist    Du validierst und un
terstützt die Erarbeitung von Daten-Architektur Konzepten.    Du verfügst über praktische Kenntnisse im Data Engineering / Data Science (z.B. mit Pyth
on, R).    Mit modernen Tools aus dem Azure Stack orchestrierst du Pipelines und erstellst Data Lakes und Warehouses.    Du unterstützt das Projekttea
m bei der Bereitstellung und Visualisierung der Daten.     Presales & Consulting    Du unterstützt den Verkauf bei der Erstellung von Offerten durch d
ein Expertenwissen.    Mit deiner Expertise bist du für deine Kollegen im Consulting eine wichtige Ansprechperson.    Idealerweise bewegst du dich in 
der Data + ML Community und bringst dich bei der Weiterentwicklung von unserem Angebot aktiv ein.              Deine Erfahrungen und dein Profil   Aus
bildung oder Studium in Richtung Data Science, AI, Informatik von Vorteil    Affin für AI, Machine Learning, Data Engineering    Du hast mindestens 2 
Jahre Berufserfahrung im AI und ML Bereich   Darum macht es Spass, für uns als AI & Data Engineer zu arbeiten   In unserer Selbstorganisation  Holacra
cy   hast du ein Maximum an Mitbestimmung und Verantwortung. Bei uns bleibst du nie stehen.   Deine Kreativität in der Findung von Lösungswegen hat fr
eie Bahn.   Du prägst den Ausbau unseres Bereichs Data + AI mit.   Du teilst dir die Arbeitszeit so auf, wie das am besten passt. Wir kennen keine fix
e Bürotage.         KontaktNexplore AG(0)6 Jobshttps://www.nexplore.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism DesignPostdoctoral Researcher in Generative AI for Mechanism Design 100%, Zuri
ch, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a difference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us a
t the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of clinical and research scientists is dedicated to improving heal
thcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop decision support systems in rehabilitation in many health condi
tions. This position is open for a postdoctoral researcher in the field of generative design for exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a no
vel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the design to the desired assistance. Apart from actively shapin
g our group's research, the positions include international collaboration with partners in Switzerland with academia, clinics and industry, mentoring 
MSc, and PhD students. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful researcher. The positi
on is fully funded for 2 years. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (or shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage adv
anced machine learning to develop an automated design process of mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations emb
edded in the generative mechanism design process. In this project, we will work in working in structural, topological and morphological design automat
ion for individuals with pathological gait. You will be the team lead in developing a new design process and additive manufacturing based on simulatio
ns of individual walking patterns. As a team member, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative techn
ologies for patient usage, and developing standardization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team 
at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil and an industrial in our shared project. Job description This postdoctoral position would focus on stu
dying shape parametrization, learning gait optimization functions for mechanism design and using different machine learning embeddings (such as GANS, 
VAEs, and Diffusion Models) for developing a new full pipeline in design. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for inn
ovation, we want to hear from you. In general, postdoctoral researchers at ETH Zurich have a full-time employment. A part-time employment may only be 
considered in exceptional cases (e.g. child- or familycare, other projects or employment). Your profile You have outstanding experience in Machine Lea
rning with a PhD degree from a university in Computer Science, or related fields, with a proven track record in machine learning, deep learning, and t
opological optimization.  Highly motivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance Strong analytical, mathematical, and algorithmic capabilities
 Understanding and experience in human modelling and simulation Proficiency in mathematical optimization (e.g. multiobjective GA) Confirmed records on
 the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI (preferred) Proven track record in deploying machine learning models into 
production (preferred) Proficiency in programming in Python (preferred) Proven record of leading interdisciplinary projects (desirable) Adaptable and 
flexible to the continuous changes associated with research demands Passion for design and assistive devices  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Y
ou will join a team of clinical and research scientists in the task of improving healthcare systems through physiological and clinical data systems de
sign and analysis. We offer a full-time research position funded with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Working location would be
 arranged between Zurich, Bern and Nottwil with flexibility for some remote work possible. Flexibility to travel is expected within Switzerland. We va
lue diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of int
erests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of
 your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and contact information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will b
e revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitt
ed to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online applic
ation in a single PDF with the following documents:  Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject li
ne: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" CV (2 pages max) One of your publications on a related topic (linked to open-source code) Names and cont
act information of 2 references  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via
 email or postal services will not be considered. Applications will be revised until the position is filled. Further information about HEST can be fou
nd on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Züric
h(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Doktorandin / Doktorand (gn)enersis suisse AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernDoktorandin 
/ Doktorand (gn)enersis rockt die Energiewende! enersis ist ein Climate Tech-Unternehmen, welches Städten, Regionen und der Energiewirtschaft hilft, e
missionsfrei zu werden. Der digitale Zwilling „gaia“ von enersis visualisiert alle energie- und klimarelevanten Daten auf einenBlick. Unterschiedliche
 Module bieten Lösungen für verschiedene Themenschwerpunkte und Problemstellungen: vonder CO2-Bilanzierung, Quartiersentwicklung, Netzplanung bis hin 
zur kommunalen Wärmeplanung. Insbesondere dieVisualisierung relevanter Daten unterstützt alle beteiligten Stakeholder zur besseren Planung und Kommuni
kationihrer Maßnahmen. enersis wurde 2011 in der Schweiz gegründet und ist seit 2015 auch in Deutschland vertreten. Position Vollzeit Standort Bern (C
H) Abteilung Kontaktperson Gestalte als Doktorierende Person aktiv die CO2-Reduktion durch KI, Machine Learning und Umweltdaten. Im Rahmen des interna
tionalen DENSE-Projekts DENSE-Projekts (DC11) suchen wir eine/n motivierte/n Doktorandin / Doktorand (gn), der/die bereit ist, durch innovative Nutzun
g von Machine Learning und Umweltdaten, einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur Reduzierung von CO2-Emissionen zu leisten. Dies erfolgt bei der enersis suisse 
AG https://www.enersis.ch/ in Bern. Das Ziel: Das DENSE-Projekt DC11 verfolgt das Ziel, die komplexe und untereinander verbundene Umweltinformation zu
 nutzen, um wirksame Maßnahmen zur Reduktion von CO2-Emissionen abzuleiten. Diese Position als Doktorandin / Doktorand (gn) wird eine entscheidende Ro
lle bei der Weiterentwicklung der unten beschriebenen Forschungsziele spielen. Du hast die einzigartige Chance, an der Schnittstelle zwischen Umweltwi
ssenschaft und maschinellem Lernen zu forschen und dabei auf umfangreiche Datensätze zuzugreifen. Diese Position ermöglicht es dir, einen aktiven Beit
rag zur Lösung einer der drängendsten globalen Herausforderungen zu leisten. Wer kann sich bewerben? BewerberInnen müssen alle Zulassungskriterien erf
üllen und dürfen in den letzten 3 Jahren nicht länger als 12 Monate in der Schweiz gelebt oder gearbeitet haben. Wie bewerbe ich mich? Alle notwendige
n Unterlagen müssen gemäss Application Guide auch nach E-Mail schreiben geschickt werden. Dann sende uns Deine elektronische Bewerbung mit Gehaltsvors
tellung und möglichem Startdatum. Bewirb Dich trotzdem, denn wir lassen uns gerne von Dir verzaubern. Stell sie uns vor, mal schauen was wird! Wir kus
cheln gerne. Vielleicht ebenfalls interessant für Dich Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHREN Für 
Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHREN Für Dich kommt nur ein Job mit Purpose in Frage? Dann rette mit
 uns die Welt!MEHR ERFAHRENKontaktenersis suisse AG(0)12 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)ABB Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BadenInternship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80
-100%)Take your next career step at ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive,
 sustainable future.At ABB, we have the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and 
generations. Together, we are embarking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual
 differences. ABB Research, in close collaboration with our business lines, is developing the foundations for the next generation of ABB products. In 
Switzerland, ABB Research is located in the proximity of Zurich and employs an international multidisciplinary team of scientists. Our Industrial Soft
ware Systems team performs research in a wide range of topics, including machine-learning applications, cyber-security, real-time and embedded systems
, computer networking and intelligent distributed systems. We are offering several internship positions which are competitively paid and provide the o
pportunity of working on real-world problems in a flexible and dynamic research environment. Your responsibilities    Exploration of current challenge
s in software systems via direct interaction with ABB R&D units Review of academic literature Design, evaluation and documentation of potential soluti
ons Quick prototyping of solutions through proof-of-concept implementations  Your background    Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Elect
rical Engineering, Information Technology or similar field; enrollment to 5th semester or higher is essential Interest in at least one of the followin
g fields: Software engineering, real-time systems, embedded software, security technologies, operating systems, distributed computing, blockchain, dat
a analytics, machine learning, computer vision, wireless communication protocols Knowledge of at least one programming language, e.g., C, C++, Python 
Proficiency in English Willingness to learn and quickly adapt to new research topics Self-motivation and hands-on attitude Ability to think conceptual
ly and express ideas clearly and convincingly  More about us The mission of Electrification's Research & Development function is to deliver sustainabl
e customer value with our products, solutions and services while driving disruptive innovation in partnership with ABB Corporate Research.We look forw
ard to receiving your application. The recruiting process is led by Ece Özen, Talent Partner ABB Switzerland Ltd. If you would like to learn more abou
t ABB, take another look at our website  www.abb.com. ABB Privacy Policy:https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/candidate KontaktABB Schweiz AG(0)92 Jobsh
ttps://www.abb.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Sales & Business Development Trainee (60-100%)Parashift AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:SissachSales & Business Development Trainee (60-100%) Parashift AG, founded in 2018, is a deep-tech company focusing on the autonomization of documen
t extraction through machine learning. Parashift is based near Basel (Switzerland) and employs around 50 people in the field of machine learning engin
eering and development. Forbes named Parashift as one of 30 promising AI startups in Europe. We’re backed by major venture investors. Parashift Platfo
rm provides large enterprises and software vendors with versatile intelligent document understanding technology with maximum flexibility. Our product 
makes document extraction a much-needed convenience. Area of work: Help to qualify incoming leads Help with creating proposals for new clients Work in
 the team on answers to RfPs Set up demo tenants for prospects Later do demos and inbound sales calls Work with the Parashift Sales-Team and Alain Veu
ve directly Qualifications & Expectations You are looking for an opportunity to learn and grow personally Be able to work accurately under time pressu
re Fully comply with our code of conduct  Fluent in English and German  Quick comprehension, fast and accurate communicator Clean criminal record (mus
t) and good references Studying, first job person Our offering: Room to learn about Dos and Donts in a fast-growing enterprise B2B start-up   9 month 
trainee position paid with CHF 2 k p. month     Possibility to change to a full team position later if a great fit   A challenging workplace with a lo
t of interesting work that makes a difference   A brilliant team of very professional, talented, open-minded and humorous people   Flexible working ho
urs   An "Employees First" paradigm and fair wages   A great team with ambitious goals   Part-time possible    Great office with good traffic connecti
ons We are a young fast-moving company that works together as a hard-working team to make a magic product even better. At Parashift the best ideas and
 rational approaches win. You've come to the right place if you want to change things radically and if you love technology. With us, there is room to 
outgrow yourself personally and professionally in a positive working environment and to give your ideas the necessary freedom. (Conversely, if you are
 just looking for a conventional job, Parashift is not the right place for you.) Ready to take on the challenge? Apply directly online. For the sake o
f the environment, please do not apply in paper form. KontaktParashift AG(0)4 Jobshttps://www.parashift.io/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data ScienceEmpa, Materials Science and TechnologyBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum
:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenPostdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data ScienceMaterials science and technology are our 
passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributions to the well-being of society for a future worth li
ving. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain.  Postdoctoral position in Computational biology / Data Science Empa's Laboratory 'Particles-Bi
ology Interactions' and its group 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' are looking for a candidate for an interdisciplinary project on the developme
nt of new computational approaches for improving safety and sustainability of (nano)materials based on publicly available data and tools, including om
ics data, and integration of novel methods for replacing animal testing. The project involves collaborations with several leading European research gr
oups and experts in the field.  Your tasks    Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Machine learning analyses: implementa
tion of established and new workflows  Coordination of activities with Consortium partners, including presentation of results at consortium meetings  
Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences  Development of models for health and environmental impact assessment    Your pr
ofile  We are looking for a candidate with:   PhD in computational biology or related field Background in computational biology, bioinformatics or a r
elated field  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excellent communication skills with a good command of the Engl
ish language    Beneficial skills for this position include:    Familiarity with Safe and Sustainable by Design methods and tools  Familiarity with da
tasets and models for health and environmental impact assessment  Interest in mechanisms of disease development  Expertise in network analysis  Experi
ence with omics data analysis     Our offer  We offer:   A highly interdisciplinary and supportive environment with a cutting-edge research project  S
upport for further career development  A strong international network    The Postdoctoral position is for the duration of three and half years. It is 
based at Empa, St. Gallen and it is available from May 2024 or upon mutual agreement. The researcher will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss In
stitute of Bioinformatics.   We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meani
ngful activities - that's what counts.  We look forward to receiving your complete online application including a letter of motivation, CV, certificat
es, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will
 not be considered. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manager/Senior Manager)PwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 Ap
ril 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichTechnology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manage
r/Senior Manager)Technology and Artificial Intelligence Consultant with focus on disruptive solutions (Manager/Senior Manager)     Your Impact   You a
re a trusted advisor to clients and help them take on complex challenges in all areas of business – from strategy to operations – using modern data st
acks and services, as well as machine learning and AI techniques. You form multidisciplinary engagement teams with colleagues from different backgroun
ds to deliver tailored solutions at the intersection of business, technology, and industry knowledge. You collaborate with tax and legal professionals
 on digital transformation and innovation projects for tax and legal. You discover and shape business development opportunities informed by assessment
s of the current technology landscape and emerging trends and be a “data influencer”, driving continuous improvement and the adoption of the modern te
chnologies within PwC. You will get the chance to begin a tailor-made career! Thanks to various career-building initiatives and personal coaching, you
 will quickly develop with us and create real value for our clients. You will be involved in different projects including (but not limited to) Busines
s Intelligence, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Process Mining, or Natural Language Processing.     Y
our Skill Set   You have a Master's or PhD degree in Computer or Natural Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical field. You have 3+ y
ears of professional experience delivering and implementing data and AI solutions, ideally previous experience in a consulting environment or managing
 client/customer-facing relationships You have knowledge of common cloud stacks (Azure,AWS, Snowflake, etc.), multi/hybrid-cloud architectures, and as
sociated cloud services and technologies. Strong business acumen, i.e., the ability to come up with business development opportunities and creative so
lutions using data and technology. You have experience and in-depth expertise in at least one of the following domains: SAP ERP, IoT, legal technology
, tax technology, data quality & data management, NLP, IT/digital strategy development, automation. You are fluent in English, German is an asset.    
 About us  PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we hel
p organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services. KontaktPwCBewerbenJo
b merkenDiesen Job melden


Quant Engineer Capital Markets TechnologiesswissQuant Group AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
ZürichQuant Engineer Capital Markets TechnologiesswissQuant Group provides quantitative services, consultancy, and products for financial and industri
al clients, including a number of global Fortune 500 companies. Our business edge originates from the effective translation of Intelligent Technology 
into measurable, bottom-line client value. swissQuant Group is a privately held company incorporated in 2005 as a spin-off of ETH Zürich. Your role As
 a quant Engineer, you will have responsibility for researching, developing and maintaining quantitative models and associated IT infrastructure. Topi
cs will vary greatly depending on live projects but will mainly revolve around issues in quantitative finance and/or statistical learning (machine lea
rning). You will Design, build and deliver robust and production quality models and code within a unified library Assist with the systematic review an
d on-going assessment of existing models Liaise with senior stakeholders to ensure that the model meets their requirements and ensure that they agree 
with the modelling assumptions and understand the associated risks Deliver high quality documentation and presentations to support and maintain model 
and library use You will work on the development of cutting-edge methodologies and technologies for major international clients Your tasks will includ
e designing, prototyping, and testing quantitative models applied to finance in a real-world context. It may also include presenting your work and ide
as to people with a diverse spectrum of experience and domain knowledge. You will also engage and participate in all phases of transformation of a qua
ntitative idea into a final product or service, from the Proof-of-Concept to client deliverables. Work is done both in a client project context as wel
l as internal innovation / research tasks. This requires a high level of hard and soft skills which you will contribute as a team member. Your persona
l success will depend equally on your ability to conceptualize and develop state-of- the-art models as well as your ability to function well within a 
team. Stakeholder Management / Leadership Facilitate and challenge discussion of modelling options with senior stakeholders Facilitate the gathering a
nd documentation of model requirements Communication of model development progress, including attendance at regular working groups and escalation of r
isk and issues to senior stakeholders Communication and explanation of model results to stakeholders Decision-making and Problem Solving Ability to co
nvert business objectives into technical modelling solutions Data analysis for trends and signal extraction Risk and Control Objective Ensure that all
 activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, enterprise wide risk mitigation guidance and internal swissQua
nt policies and standards You bring Post graduate degree in a highly quantitative discipline Excellent communication skills. Fluency in English, Germa
n is a plus Able to deliver to tight deadlines on quantitative projects Able to work in a highly dynamic environment Python (preferred), R or MATLAB a
dvanced proficiency (Java is a plus) Good understanding of statistical and econometric modelling techniques – e.g. time series Analysis, regression mo
dels and various estimation techniques, machine learning Preferred PhD in a highly quantitative discipline Experience in designing and developing stat
istical and econometric and machine learning models Experience in analyzing large volumes of data including cleaning and subsequent pattern identifica
tion and clustering Knowledge of financial markets and products Experience with trading software (Murex, Front Arena, FIS) Experience with Digital Ass
ets (Tokens, Blockchain, Web3) swissQuant Group is a fast paced and dynamic company. We offer room for growth and a high level of personal responsibil
ity in a challenging environment. As a successful candidate, you will join a project team and take an active part targeting clients and aligning our p
roduct offering with real client needs and future industry trends. Interested? Please upload your cover letter, CV and reference letters in PDF format
 (please compress in max. 2 attachments). Only direct applications are considered. KontaktswissQuant Group AG(0)4 Jobshttps://www.swissquant.com/en/Be
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in Robotic System Integration for Musculoskeletal Robotic HandsETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position in Robotic System Integration for Musculoskeletal Robotic HandsPhD Position in Robotic System Integration
 for Musculoskeletal Robotic Hands 100%, Zurich, fixed-term Project background The future of robotic manipulation lies in the development of systems t
hat closely mimic the complex structures and capabilities of the human hand. Traditional motor-driven robotic hands, while effective for a range of ta
sks, lack the versatility, sensitivity, and adaptability of their biological counterparts. This project focuses on bridging this gap by leveraging mus
culoskeletal robot technologies. You will embark on a comprehensive study of existing muscle-like technology and robotic hands, drawing inspiration fr
om nature to design and develop a robotic hand that outperforms classic designs in terms of dexterity, efficiency, and functionality. This involves in
tegrating advanced muscle and tendon systems, incorporating cutting-edge sensing and proprioceptive technologies, and controlling the hand through sop
histicated control algorithms and machine-learning techniques. Job description The doctoral research will be multidisciplinary, involving the analysis
 of current musculoskeletal technologies and the design of innovative robotic hands. You will focus on:  Analyzing existing muscle technologies and ro
botic hand systems, studying natural mechanisms of manipulation Designing and developing a robotic hand using muscle-like actuators and tendons, aimin
g for superior performance compared to traditional motor-driven hands Integrating sensing and proprioceptive technologies to enhance the hand's functi
onality and control Employing advanced control strategies and machine learning approaches, including imitation learning, for effective manipulation  Y
ou will closely collaborate with other PhD students working on muscle technology, manipulation, control, and machine learning. The output of the PhD t
hesis will significantly contribute to the advancement of musculoskeletal robotics, particularly in the field of manipulation, setting a new benchmark
 for robotic hands. Your profile We are seeking a highly motivated, exceptional candidate with a passion for pioneering research in robotic system int
egration and musculoskeletal robotics. The ideal candidate should:  Hold a master's degree in robotics or a related field such as mechanical engineeri
ng or electrical engineering Have an excellent track record and meet the general admission requirements for a doctorate at ETH Zurich Possess prior re
search experience in robotics, actuator development, or related areas Be experienced or have a keen interest in machine learning, control theory, and 
sensing technologies Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team  Experience in design and fabrication of robotic sys
tems, especially those incorporating novel actuator technologies, is highly desirable. Familiarity with machine learning techniques, such as imitation
 learning, and a background in biological or biomimetic systems would be advantageous. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH offers an exciting o
pportunity, and admission is highly competitive. The fellows will be employed according to the regulations of ETH Zurich. Upon completing the doctorat
e, the fellows are awarded the title "Doctor of Sciences (Dr. sc. ETH Zurich)". ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working condit
ions. You can expect an exciting working environment, cultural diversity, and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. W
e look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents in a single merged PDF document, titled with your last name and initi
als as well as the application date (for example, 20240301_DoeJane_application) in the following order:  Cover letter with a description of your resea
rch achievements and research interests Detailed CV Transcripts of all degrees (English) Names and contact information of at least three references Re
presentative published research work (e.g., papers and thesis)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online appli
cation portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our group can be found on our website. Ques
tions regarding the position should be directed to Ronan Hinchet under the email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are 
we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents in a single merged PDF document, titled with your last name and 
initials as well as the application date (for example, 20240301_DoeJane_application) in the following order:  Cover letter with a description of your 
research achievements and research interests Detailed CV Transcripts of all degrees (English) Names and contact information of at least three referenc
es Representative published research work (e.g., papers and thesis)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online 
application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our group can be found on our website.
 Questions regarding the position should be directed to Ronan Hinchet under the email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobsht
tps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer (Data & Tools)Daedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSoftware E
ngineer (Data & Tools) About us:    Daedalean  is a Zürich-based startup founded by experienced engineers who want to completely revolutionize air tra
vel within the next decade. We combine computer vision, deep learning, and robotics to develop full “level-5” autonomy for flying vehicles.     Your r
ole:  Lead the Tooling team in a hands-on way. Apply your understanding of infra, UI and systems interfaces to build applications that will play criti
cal role in certifying first machine learning-based products in aviation. Take the responsibility for all of our software that does not fly: from devo
ps-related tools to teams-specific infrastructure to developing in-house solutions. \n      You are smart and get things done, and have:  Experience w
ith big data pipelines and distributed processing. Strong problem-solving capabilities. Applied software engineering skills in Golang and Rust. The in
sight when to move from the shell script throwaway to the properly written (but not overengineered) server. Experience with image/video processing (no
t mandatory but certainly a plus).     Benefits:  A team of experienced engineers and researchers, who joined us from most recognized companies and in
stitutions. Difficult and interesting problems to solve.  Test flights in the Swiss Alps for you to join. Stock options. Pilot license subsidy. Hybrid
 work setting. Learning & Development budget: visit conferences of your choice. Gym membership.     \n KontaktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedale
an.ai/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Research EngineerThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zug
Senior Research EngineerDo you love creating innovative solutions for customers? We are seeking a passionate Sr Research Engineer who will bring exper
tise in AI and ML and is interested in building data-driven capabilities that drive transformation. As a member of Thomson Reuters Labs you will have 
a direct impact on our company by helping to create new and innovative capabilities that will delight our customers. What does Thomson Reuters Labs do
? We experiment, we build, we deliver. We support the organization and our customers through applied research and the development of new products and 
technologies. TR Labs innovates collaboratively across our core segments in Legal, Tax & Accounting, Government, and Reuters News. As a Senior Researc
h Engineer at Thomson Reuters Labs, you will be part of a global interdisciplinary team of experts. We hire engineers and specialists across a variety
 of AI research areas to drive the company’s digital transformation. The science and engineering of AI are rapidly evolving. We are looking for an ada
ptable learner who can think in code and likes to learn and develop new skills as they are needed; someone comfortable with jumping into new problem s
paces; who enjoys directing and supporting the efforts of others. Is this you? Come join us! About the Role In this opportunity as a Senior Research E
ngineer, you will: Develop and Deliver: Applying modern software development practices, you will be involved in the entire software development lifecy
cle, building, testing and delivering high-quality solutions. Build Scalable ML Solutions: You will create large scale data processing pipelines to he
lp researchers build and train novel machine learning algorithms. You will develop high performing scalable systems in the context of large online del
ivery environments. Be a Team Player: Working in a collaborative team-oriented environment, you will share information, value diverse ideas, partner w
ith cross-functional and remote teams. Be an Agile Person: With a strong sense of urgency and a desire to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, y
ou will deliver timely solutions. Be Innovative: You are empowered to try new approaches and learn new technologies. You will contribute innovative id
eas, create solutions, and be accountable for end-to-end deliveries. Be an Effective Communicator: Through dynamic engagement and communication with c
ross-functional partners and team members, you will effectively articulate ideas and collaborate on technical developments. About You: You are a fit f
or the Senior Research Engineer if your background includes: Essential skills & experience: A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Related Field At
 least 5 years software engineering experience, ideally in the context of machine learning and natural language processing Are skilled and have a deep
 understanding of Python software development stacks and ecosystems, experience with other programming languages and ecosystems is ideal. Can understa
nd, apply, integrate and deploy Machine Learning capabilities and techniques into other systems. Are familiar with the Python data science stack throu
gh exposure to libraries such as Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Dask, spaCy, NLTK, scikit-learn Take pride in writing clean, reusable, maintainable and well-te
sted code Have a desire to learn and embrace new and emerging technology Are familiar with probabilistic models and have an understanding of the mathe
matical concepts underlying machine learning methods Have familiarity with Agile Methodologies. Preferred skills & experience: Experience integrating 
Machine Learning solutions into production-grade software and have an understanding of ModelOps and MLOps principles Demonstrate proficiency in automa
tion, system monitoring, and cloud-native applications, with familiarity in AWS or Azure (or a related cloud platform) Had previous exposure to Natura
l Language Processing (NLP) problems and have familiarity with key tasks such as Named Entity Recognition (NER), Information Extraction, Information R
etrieval, etc. Can understand and translate between language and methodologies used both in research and engineering fields Have been successfully tak
ing and integrating Machine Learning solutions to production-grade software Hands-on experience in other programming and scripting languages (Java, Ty
peScript, JavaScript, etc.) Have exposure to cloud computing development (AWS/Azure). Have familiarity with Agile Methodologies. What’s in it for you?
 You will join our inclusive culture of world-class talent, where we are committed to your personal and professional growth through: Hybrid Work Model
: We’ve adopted a flexible hybrid working environment for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physical
ly connected. Culture: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and mor
e. Wellbeing: Comprehensive benefit plans; flexible and supportive benefits for work-life balance: two company-wide Mental Health Days Off; work from 
another location for up to a total of 8 weeks in a year, 4 of those weeks can be out of the country and the remaining in the country, Headspace app su
bscription; retirement, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. Lear
ning & Development: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees T
homson Reuters café networking. Social Impact: Nine employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) initiatives for local and global impact. Purpose Driven Work: We have a superpower that we’ve never talked about with as much pri
de as we should – we are one of the only companies on the planet that helps its customers pursue justice, truth and transparency. Together, with the p
rofessionals and institutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide t
rusted, unbiased information to people all over the world. LI-IG1 DISCLAIMER The above information in this description has been designed to indicate t
he general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehens
ive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Do you want to be part of a team helping
 re-invent the way knowledge professionals work? How about a team that works every day to create a more transparent, just and inclusive future? At Tho
mson Reuters, we’ve been doing just that for almost 160 years. Our industry-leading products and services include highly specialized information-enabl
ed software and tools for legal, tax, accounting and compliance professionals combined with the world’s most global news services – Reuters. We help t
hese professionals do their jobs better, creating more time for them to focus on the things that matter most: advising, advocating, negotiating, gover
ning and informing. We are powered by the talents of 25,000 employees across more than 75 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and gro
w professionally in flexible work environments that celebrate diversity and inclusion. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness and transparency
 are under attack, we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward. Accessibil
ity As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified e
mployees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national o
rigin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under appl
icable law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. We also make r
easonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.Kontak
tThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Personalized Internet Assessor Austria - German LanguageTELUS InternationalBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:BielPersonalized Internet Assessor Austria - German LanguageWhy US We help companies test and improve machine learning models via our
 global AI Community of 1 million+ annotators and linguists. Our proprietary AI training platform handles all data types (text, images, audio, video a
nd geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. Our AI Data Solutions vastly enhance AI systems across a range of applications from advanced smart product
s, to better search results, to expanded speech recognition, to more human-like bot interactions and so much more. Learn more at http://www.telusinter
national.com  Job Description We're searching for individuals who are passionate about social media and regular users of Gmail. This remote position r
equires ownership and daily use of a smartphone and familiarity with various social media platforms and Google products. Your reliability, adaptabilit
y, and adherence to guidelines are key. In this role you will have the opportunity to contribute to safer internet browsing by reviewing and filtering
 potentially sensitive and adult material. Through this work you will be making a valuable contribution by expressing your opinion on the quality and 
content of what is currently out there on the web and protecting users from viewing unsuitable material. This role offers the freedom to work remotely
, allowing you to set your hours based on task availability.   The estimated earnings for this role is 12.97 EUR per hour. Payment is based on complet
ed tasks, with potential for higher earnings based on productivity. KontaktTELUS InternationalBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Abschlussarbeit - Maschinelles Lernen mit synthetischen Bildern im BaustellenkontextLiebherr-Export AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pens
um:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:AachenAbschlussarbeit - Maschinelles Lernen mit synthetischen Bildern im BaustellenkontextDie Liebherr-Werk Bi
berach GmbH stellt hochwertige Turmdrehkrane und Mobilbaukrane her. Schnelleinsatzkrane, Obendreherkrane und Mobilbaukrane sind weltweit erfolgreich i
m Einsatz und stehen für Umschlagleistung und Wirtschaftlichkeit. Aufgaben Das erwartet Sie  Erstellung von synthetischen Bildsequenzen für das maschi
nelle Lernen Nachbildung von Situationen auf Baustellen mithilfe einer Simulationsumgebung Implementierung von Filtern für die Berücksichtigung von Li
chteinflüssen Auswahl der passenden neuronalen Netze entsprechend des Anwendungsfalls Trainieren von verschiedenen neuronalen Netzen mithilfe des synt
hetischen Bildmaterials Verifikation der Trainingserfolge anhand von Realdaten  Qualifikation Ihr Profil - Das bringen Sie mit  Studium im Bereich Inf
ormatik, Ingenieurwesen, Mathematik, Physik oder vergleichbaren Studienrichtungen Programmierkenntnisse in Python, sowie Kenntnisse in entsprechenden 
Frameworks für Machine Learning (PyTorch und/oder Tensorflow) Gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Kommunikative und strukturierte
 Persönlichkeit Eigenständige und zielorientierte Arbeitsweise  Unser Angebot Bereit, etwas zu bewegen? Als innovatives Familienunternehmen wissen wir
, dass Ihre Ideen unsere Zukunft sind – darum fördern wir Ihr Talent nachhaltig und übertragen Ihnen früh Verantwortung. Bei Liebherr haben Sie die Mö
glichkeit, die faszinierende Welt der Technik kennenzulernen und selbst mitzugestalten. Es erwarten Sie spannende Themen, ein gutes Arbeitsklima, in d
em Zusammenhalt großgeschrieben wird und mit Liebherr ein zuverlässiger Partner an Ihrer Seite. Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns ü
ber Ihre Online-Bewerbung. Bei Fragen kontaktieren Sie bitte Hannes Gebhard unter: +49 7351 41 4676.  Liebherr - One Passion. Many Opportunities. Kont
aktLiebherr-Export AG(1)155 Jobshttps://www.liebherr.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Junior Associate, Risk & Regulatory AI TeamPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichJunior As
sociate, Risk & Regulatory AI TeamWe are seeking a passionate and talented Junior Associate to join our Risk & Regulatory AI Team. This role is ideal 
for a candidate with a robust background in computer science, physics or engineering, who has experience in practical application of GPU accelerated s
oftware. This role is designed for individuals passionate about communicating the use of advanced technologies to non-technical audiences. Ideally the
 candidate is also experienced and interested in other cutting edge technologies that will disrupt the AI space such as for example quantum tensor net
works or neuromorphic chips.  Junior Associate, Risk & Regulatory AI Team    Your Impact   Collaborate with a team to design, develop, and deploy AI-b
ased solutions, focusing on retrieval augmented generation bots for compliance and accounting applications.   Engage in the entire development lifecyc
le from conceptualization to deployment, ensuring the highest quality of deliverables.   Utilize major machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch or 
TensorFlow to implement innovative models and algorithms.   Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code in Python, Rust, and ideally C/C++.   Con
duct thorough testing and validation to ensure the reliability and accuracy of the AI models.   Stay abreast of the latest advancements in AI/GenAI, m
achine learning, and other technologies with high disruption potential like quantum computing or neuromorphic chips to help us stay ahead of the curve
.   Design internal and client facing training programs supporting the upskilling around AI opportunities and technologies of our Risk and Regulatory 
staff in   Engage with clients, leveraging your excellent communication skills and ability to explain complex technical concepts, to understand their 
needs and provide bespoke support and guidance.     Your Skill Set   A Master Degree from in computer science, physics or engineering, particularly in
 areas related to quantum technologies   Demonstrated proficiency in Python, with experience in Rust and CUDA Python. Knowledge of C/C++ is a plus.   
Hands-on experience with machine learning, data analysis, and AI technologies, ideally including course development or teaching experience in these ar
eas.   A keen interest in AI/GenAI, with a commitment to staying informed about the latest trends and advancements.   An excellent team player who thr
ives in collaborative environments, with outstanding problem-solving, critical thinking, and adaptability skills.   Exceptional analytical and problem
-solving abilities, with a creative and innovative approach to tackling new challenges.   Strong communication and interpersonal skills, capable of ar
ticulating complex technical ideas to diverse audiences.   A high level of professionalism, integrity, and a strong work ethic, passionate about using
 technology for impactful solutions.     Any questions? We are happy to help. Gosia Wiendlocha   About PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and ad
visory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions a
nd sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science Internship in Rate Control optimizationMettler-Toledo GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:NänikonData Science Internship in Rate Control optimizationOur global Industrial Division offers Automation Products and Solutions which en
able our customers to increase productivity, achieve high uptime and reduce waste.Our R&D Competence Center, established in Switzerland in 2023, is fo
cused on developing data-based solutions to provide effective solutions for a range of customer use cases, by leveraging sensor data and our terminal 
as a key-component in edge computing. We are committed to enhancing our capabilities in predictive maintenance. We are seeking a motivated Master's st
udent for 6-9 months to contribute to this critical area, offering a unique opportunity to work on real-world problems and contribute to the developme
nt of our future data science framework/platform.We are looking for someone for a Data Science Internship in Rate Control optimization 80-100% (all ge
nders).In this role, your responsibilities would include: You collaborate with the data science team to understand project requirements and objectives
You design and implement algorithms for process optimization, focusing on controller performance and robustness, adapting to different environments au
tomaticallyYou develop and maintain data pipelines for efficient data collection, processing, and analysisYou apply machine learning and statistical m
odels to predict process behaviors and identify optimization opportunitiesYou conduct rigorous testing and validation of models and algorithms to ensu
re reliability and accuracyYou document all research findings, code, and methodologies   and participate in regular team meetings to discuss progress,
 challenges, and strategies BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Research EngineerThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZugLe
ad Research EngineerDo you love creating innovative solutions for customers? We are seeking a passionate Lead Research Engineer who will bring experti
se in AI and ML and is interested in building data-driven capabilities that drive transformation. As a member of Thomson Reuters Labs you will have a 
direct impact on our company by helping to create new and innovative capabilities that will delight our customers. What does Thomson Reuters Labs do? 
We experiment, we build, we deliver. We support the organization and our customers through applied research and the development of new products and te
chnologies. TR Labs innovates collaboratively across our core segments in Legal, Tax & Accounting, Government, and Reuters News. As a Lead Research En
gineer at Thomson Reuters Labs, you will be part of a global interdisciplinary team of experts. We hire engineers and specialists across a variety of 
AI research areas to drive the company’s digital transformation. The science and engineering of AI are rapidly evolving. We are looking for an adaptab
le learner who can think in code and likes to learn and develop new skills as they are needed; someone comfortable with jumping into new problem space
s; who enjoys directing and supporting the efforts of others. Is this you? Come join us! About the Role In this opportunity as a Lead Research Enginee
r, you will: Be a Leader: Provide technical leadership partnering with other engineers to develop and improve methodology and evolve the technology st
ack. Develop and Deliver: Applying modern software development practices, you will be involved in the entire software development lifecycle, building,
 testing and delivering high-quality solutions. Build Scalable ML Solutions: You will create large scale data processing pipelines to help researchers
 build and train novel machine learning algorithms. You will develop high performing scalable systems in the context of large online delivery environm
ents. Be a Team Player: Working in a collaborative team-oriented environment, you will share information, value diverse ideas, partner with cross-func
tional and remote teams. Be an Agile Person: With a strong sense of urgency and a desire to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, you will delive
r timely solutions. Be Innovative: You are empowered to try new approaches and learn new technologies. You will contribute innovative ideas, create so
lutions, and be accountable for end-to-end deliveries. Be an Effective Communicator: Through dynamic engagement and communication with cross-functiona
l partners and team members, you will effectively articulate ideas and collaborate on technical developments. About You You are a fit for the Lead Res
earch Engineer role if your background includes: Essential skills & experience: A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Related Field. At least 8 ye
ars software engineering experience, ideally in the context of machine learning and natural language processing. Have experience leading technical wor
kstreams within a software engineering organization. Are skilled and have a deep understanding of Python software development stacks and ecosystems, e
xperience with other programming languages and ecosystems is ideal. Can understand, apply, integrate and deploy Machine Learning capabilities and tech
niques into other systems. Are familiar with the Python data science stack through exposure to libraries such as Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Dask, spaCy, NL
TK, scikit-learn. Take pride in writing clean, reusable, maintainable and well-tested code. Demonstrate proficiency in automation, system monitoring, 
and cloud-native applications, with familiarity in AWS or Azure (or a related cloud platform). Proficient in system analysis and design & Consider Dev
Ops and automation as fundamental pillars of your work. Have a desire to learn and embrace new and emerging technology. Are familiar with probabilisti
c models and have an understanding of the mathematical concepts underlying machine learning methods. Have experience leading and/or mentoring teams. H
ave experience providing guidance around roadblocks for team. Have experience providing updates to internal stakeholders. Have exposure to cloud compu
ting development (AWS/Azure). Preferred skills & experience: Experience integrating Machine Learning solutions into production-grade software with a s
ound understanding of ModelOps and MLOps principles and the ability to translate between language and methodologies used both in research and engineer
ing fields Had previous exposure to Natural Language Processing (NLP) problems and have familiarity with key tasks such as Named Entity Recognition (N
ER), Information Extraction, Information Retrieval, etc. Have been successfully taking and integrating Machine Learning solutions to production-grade 
software Hands-on experience in other programming and scripting languages (Java, TypeScript, JavaScript, etc.) What’s in it for you? You will join our
 inclusive culture of world-class talent, where we are committed to your personal and professional growth through: Hybrid Work Model: We’ve adopted a 
flexible hybrid working environment for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physically connected. Cult
ure: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and more. Wellbeing: Comp
rehensive benefit plans; flexible and supportive benefits for work-life balance: two company-wide Mental Health Days Off; work from another location f
or up to a total of 8 weeks in a year, 4 of those weeks can be out of the country and the remaining in the country, Headspace app subscription; retire
ment, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial wellbeing. Learning & Development
: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees Thomson Reuters caf
é networking. Social Impact: Nine employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social and Governance (ES
G) initiatives for local and global impact. Purpose Driven Work: We have a superpower that we’ve never talked about with as much pride as we should – 
we are one of the only companies on the planet that helps its customers pursue justice, truth and transparency. Together, with the professionals and i
nstitutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide trusted, unbiased i
nformation to people all over the world. LI-IG1 DISCLAIMER The above information in this description has been designed to indicate the general nature 
and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of a
ll duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Do you want to be part of a team helping re-invent the way
 knowledge professionals work? How about a team that works every day to create a more transparent, just and inclusive future? At Thomson Reuters, we’v
e been doing just that for almost 160 years. Our industry-leading products and services include highly specialized information-enabled software and to
ols for legal, tax, accounting and compliance professionals combined with the world’s most global news services – Reuters. We help these professionals
 do their jobs better, creating more time for them to focus on the things that matter most: advising, advocating, negotiating, governing and informing
. We are powered by the talents of 25,000 employees across more than 75 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and grow professionally i
n flexible work environments that celebrate diversity and inclusion. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness and transparency are under attack,
 we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward. Accessibility As a global bu
siness, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all ou
r operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, s
exual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under applicable law. Thomso
n Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. We also make reasonable accommod
ations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.KontaktThomson Reuters (
Markets) Europe AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


GENERATIVE AI INTERNFEDERATION INTERNATIONALE DE L'AUTOMOBILEBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:HochdorfGENERATIVE AI INTERNGENERATIVE AI INTERN OVERVIEW: For our Digital Technology Department, and under the director of Digital Technology respon
sibility, we are looking for a Generative AI Intern to contribute to exploring the potential of generative AI, working on projects with tangible real-
world implications. MISSIONS AND RESPONSABILITIES:  Collaborate with our Digital Technology team to understand, develop, and implement generative AI s
olution. Participate in exploring and refining machine learning algorithms for processing and analyzing large text datasets. Assist in the development
 and validation of new AI solutions aimed at generating insights from text data. Conduct comprehensive literature reviews to stay updated on the lates
t advancements in generative AI. Present research findings to both technical and non-technical stakeholders within the organisation. Perform rigorous 
testing of models developed to ensure their efficiency and reliability.  PROFILE:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, AI
, or a related field. Experience with machine learning algorithms and generative AI models services as well as  transformer models would be valuable. 
 Strong programming skills, especially in Python and familiarity with libraries such as Flask,  Django and Streamlit.  Strong critical thinking and pr
oblem-solving skills. Excellent communication skills to  effectively articulate complex technical concepts.  Fluent in English, other languages would 
be a plus.  The FIA is committed to diversity and inclusion within its workforce, and encourages all candidates, irrespective of gender, nationality, 
religion or ethnicity, including persons living with disabilities, to apply to become a part of the organisation. Female candidates are particularly e
ncouraged to apply.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Stagiaire Data ScientistG. et F. Châtelain, succursale de Chanel SARLBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:GENEVE CORPStagiaire Data Scientist La Division Watches & Fine Jewelry développe et renforce actuellement ses capacités en Data Science. L'obj
ectif est d’utiliser la modélisation des données pour professionnaliser et automatiser les processus clés de la Supply Chain. En tant que stagiaire, v
ous ferez partie de la nouvelle équipe de Data Science sous la supervision du Global Chief Operations Officer. Vous serez chargé de collecter et de pr
éparer les données, d'appliquer des techniques d'exploration de données, des algorithmes d'apprentissage automatique, d'effectuer des analyses statist
iques et de construire des systèmes de prédiction de visant à renforcer et automatiser nos processus opérationnels. Votre rôle sera transversal et vou
s travaillerez en collaboration avec les membres de l'équipe des départements Operations, Marketing, IT & Finance mais aussi avec d'autres équipes au 
sein de nos différents Marchés & Régions.    Poste à pourvoir dès septembre 2024 pour 6 mois à Genève avec une convention de stage     Vos missions : 
 • Construire, lancer et automatiser des pipelines de données efficaces et fiables • Aider dans le développement des solutions de Machine Learning • P
résenter les résultats de manière claire et adaptée au public cible • Participer aux projets transverses Supply Chain, Opérations et Production    Vot
re profil :  Étudiant(e) en Master en Data Science, Informatique, Ingénierie, Mathématiques ou similaire. Vous parlez et écrivez couramment l'anglais 
et le français. Expérience exigée avec Python et SQL. Connaissance de la plateforme et de l'environnement cloud (Azure, GCP ..) un plus. BewerbenJob m
erkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's thesis Document AI and Knowledge Extraction About us The IBM
 Research Laboratory is located in Ruschlikon close to Zurich. This creates a fantastic opportunity for highly motivated Student to join our unique re
search-corporate environment for a Master Thesis, Semester Project or Internship. Our team works on AI models to ingest large corpora of (PDF) documen
ts in order to extract knowledge or use large language models to interact with (via RAG). For a detailed description, please visit our homepage or loo
k into our recent publications. We are actively looking for students that are interested to work in topics such as:  Computer Vision to build foundati
onal models for Document Understanding (eg layout-analysis, table understanding, figure-understanding). Natural Language Processing to enhance further
 our chat capabilities on and with documents. Natural Language Processing for knowledge extraction from text, tables and figures. Generative AI to cre
ate/update new documents  As an intern in our group, you will be working on a large scale platform that has ingested >500M documents and you will have
 the ability to apply the new model developments at scale. Furthermore, you will collaborate with experienced Research Scientists and AI Software Engi
neers that will lead and help you to successfully complete the challenges of the proposed task and have access to HPC and Cloud infrastructure equippe
d with recent variants of GPUs and many other resources and tools to perform the work. Minimum Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, 
computer vision or a related technical field, including equivalent practical experience Experience in software development with Python Proficient work
ing in Unix/Linux environments Team player, self-motivated with a passion for technology and innovation Experience in one or more of the following: RE
ST APIs, machine learning, deep learning, algorithms and data structures, test automation, distributed computing, CI/CD Practical experience with Mach
ine Learning / Deep Learning frameworks such as PyTorch 3+ years of proved programming experience in Python (or equivalent C/C++ experience) Independe
nt worker with the ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment  Preferred Qualifications Div
ersity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangemen
ts enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are intereste
d to apply for this position, please submit your application through the link below.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Associate at the Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial Intelligence/ML PhD PositionUniversität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffe
ntlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenResearch Associate at the Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial I
ntelligence/ML PhD PositionThe Chair of Prof. Dr. Christoph Lechner at the Institute of Management & Strategy (IoMS) at the University of St. Gallen s
eeks to hire a 100% Research Associate (PhD Position). We are looking for candidates who want to work at the interface of strategic management and com
puter science.The researcher will benefit from hands-on experience with novel research methods and opportunities to work closely with international co
rporate partners, consulting firms and the world's leading academic institutions. The Institute of Strategy & Management's work environment is informa
l, intellectually stimulating, and exciting. Before you submit your application, please ensure that your degree matches the formal requirements to enr
oll in a PhD program at the University of St. Gallen: https://www.unisg.ch/en/studium/zulassungundanmeldung/zuldoktoratsstufe  For further questions, 
please contact E-Mail schreiben. You can find more information about us and our institute on our website: www.ifb.unisg.ch   Research Associate at the
 Interface of Strategic Management and Artificial Intelligence/ML PhD Position    Your tasks   Challenging research according to international standar
ds on topics at the interface of strategic management and artificial intelligence/ machine learning Writing of scientific publications and participati
on in international conferences Support in teaching at Bachelor, Master and Executive Education level Collaboration in company cooperations, research 
consortia and consulting firms     Your profile   Candidates for this position are expected to enroll in the PhD program in Management at the Universi
ty of St. Gallen, with the main doctoral supervisor being Prof. Dr. Christoph Lechner  Candidates should fulfill the following qualifications: Outstan
ding Master's degree in business/management, a related field from a leading university or business school, and/or knowledge in computer science (AI) D
emonstrated aptitude to work on analytical problems; if possible, with scientific methods Knowledge of statistics, AI and Machine learning (possibly P
ython or R) is important Previous research experience, especially with analyzing datasets, is a definite plus First practical experience in a professi
on closely related to strategic management   The ideal candidate should have a combination of the following qualities: intellectually curious and like
s thinking about complex ideas with high “brain-power” is comfortable working with data Stays organized and can manage multiple projects simultaneousl
y Demonstrates a proactive, hands-on mentality attitude towards works Can work collaboratively in a team environment Communicates very effectively in 
German and English (Level C1 or higher, oral and written)   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economic
s and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of 
the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional s
taff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Product InstructorParashift AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SissachProduct InstructorAbout u
s Parashift AG, founded in 2018, is a deep-tech company focusing on the automation of document extraction using machine learning. Located near Basel, 
Switzerland, Parashift employs about 40 people in the field of Machine Learning Engineering and Development. Forbes has named Parashift as one of the 
30 most promising AI start-ups in Europe. Responsibilities Develop and maintain a training concept for customers, system integration partners and inte
rnal employees Develop, create and maintain training materials Conduct weekly product training classes in a hybrid mode Administration and planning of
 training participants incl. communication Maintenance of product documentation for users Ongoing maintenance of the product knowledge base Creation a
nd publication of product update bulletins Requirements Experience and/or training as a teacher, trainer, instructor or similar Very high level of sel
f-organization: good at balancing different areas and tasks Very quick perception Good repartee in dealing with other people Stylistically confident e
xpression in written and oral English and German High technical affinity, private interest in computers and technology Experience in creating graphica
lly appealing content Experience in clearly structuring content Basic technical education and/or experience in the document industry an advantage Know
ledge of French an advantage but not mandatory Application Process Please send your resume, a cover letter explaining why you are suitable for this po
sition, and your salary expectations. Following your application, we have a five-step interview process: Initial Screening Brief Phone Conversation Pr
actical Assessment Meet the Team Job Offer We are excited about your interest in joining our team and look forward to receiving your application. Kont
aktParashift AG(0)4 Jobshttps://www.parashift.io/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche(r) Mitarbeiter(innen) (PhD-Stelle)inspire AG für mechatronische Produktionssysteme und FertigungstechnikBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentl
icht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichWissenschaftliche(r) Mitarbeiter(innen) (PhD-Stelle) inspire AG is the leading Swi
ss competence center for product innovation and advanced manufacturing.As a strategic partner of ETH Zurich, our mission is to transfer knowledge and 
technology from research to Swiss machine, electrical and metal industries.Physics-based and data-driven modeling of laser welding distortionsPosition
: Project Engineer 80-100% / PhD Research Assistant 100% (m/f/d)This position is ideal for highly-qualified and motivated young scientists seeking to 
engage in an ambitious interdisciplinary research project with direct industrial applications. The project goals lie at the interface of process engin
eering, machine learning, and numerical simulation developments.Project Background:Automotive manufacturers face a critical challenge in their Body-in
-White (BiW) assembly processes: designing optimal joining operations to prevent defects and meet strict tolerances. Currently, this process relies on
 time-consuming trial and error with physical prototypes. The limited adoption of simulation technologies in this domain is primarily due to the compl
exity of joining processes, necessitating engineering and numerical skills. Accurate welding simulations are also time-intensive, making them impracti
cal compared to experimental trials. In collaboration with our industry partner, a global leader in sheet metal forming simulations, our mission is to
 address this challenge. We are committed to developing an accessible, user-friendly software suite that delivers rapid and precise simulations of las
er welding distortions throughout the BiW process chain. Leveraging data-driven modeling and machine learning (ML) capabilities is instrumental to ach
ieving this target, which will help optimize manufacturing workflows and reduce lead times.Key Tasks & Responsibilities:Developing accurate process si
mulation and fast surrogate models for welding distortions.Conducting experimental campaigns and collecting sensor data for model V&V.Integrating effi
cient ML models into the software and implementing process-specific optimizations.What You Offer:Master's degree in mechanical engineering, computatio
nal/data science, or a related subject.Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, or CUDA.Strong numerical modeling skills and experi
ence with ML.Professional command of English (written & spoken). Knowledge of German is a plus.Permission to work in Switzerland or EU/EFTA citizenshi
p.What We Offer:A collaborative and unique work environment that fosters application-driven research innovations.Access to state-of-the-art tools and 
resources to support your work.The chance to work with industry leaders and experts in automotive manufacturing and simulation.Possibility to obtain a
 PhD degree from ETH Zurich.Interested & Eligible?We look forward to receiving your complete application, which should include a letter of motivation,
 a detailed CV, transcripts of all obtained degrees (in English), and contact details for at least two referees. Please apply via email to Dr. Mamzi A
frasiabi (E-Mail schreiben), the head of the Computational Manufacturing group.This position will be available as soon as possible or upon agreement; 
the planned project duration is 3 years. The place of work is Zurich.  inspire AGTechnoparkstrasse 1 www.inspire.ch +41 44 556 58 00CH-8005 ZürichKont
aktinspire AG für mechatronische Produktionssysteme und Fertigungstechnik(0)3 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Platform Engineer (w/d/m) 80 - 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, Zürich, RemoteCloud Platform Engineer (w/d/m) 80 - 100%Wir verwenden Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Tec
hnologien, um unsere Besucher und Ihre Einstellungen zu Cookies wiederzuerkennen. Einige Cookies sind notwendig, damit diese Webseiten funktionieren u
nd angezeigt werden. Andere helfen uns, Ihr Nutzererlebnis auf unseren Webseiten zu verbessern. Dazu setzen wir auch Technologien und Cookies von Drit
ten ein. Sie dienen der Analyse und erlauben uns, personalisierte Inhalte und Anzeigen in sozialen Medien anzubieten. Mehr Informationen finden Sie hi
er: Datenschutzerklärung Cloud Platform Engineer (w/d/m) Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Softwareprodukte in
 den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung und der konsequenten K
undenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann bist du bei BSI goldr
ichtig! Deine Aufgaben  Mit innovativen Cloud-Lösungen in- und externe Kunden glücklich machen Engineering unserer Multi-Cloud Betriebsplattformen BSI
 Cloud und Saas-Lösungen weiterentwickeln und skalieren Neue Technologien erforschen und evaluieren Sicherstellung des robusten, effizienten SaaS Betr
iebs Software-Projekte von BSI im Bereich System Engineering unterstützen  Wir suchen Macher  Hochschulabschluss Bachelor oder Master Breite Kenntniss
e in den Bereichen Netzwerk, Security, Virtualisierung, Container (Docker/Kubernetes) Erfahrung mit Automatisierungstools (Ansible, Terraform) und Skr
iptsprachen (Bash, Python) Fundiertes Linux Knowhow (Ubuntu/Debian, RedHat/CentOS) Neugier, effizientes Arbeiten und unternehmerisches Denken Sehr gut
e Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse  Starke Gründe für BSI  Flexible Karrierewege und vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten Persönliche Betreuung, im 
Projektalltag und für deine Weiterentwicklung Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hierarchie Unternehmerische Gest
altungs- und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Orte BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager Data Science SolutionsAbbott AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselSenior Ma
nager Data Science SolutionsAbbott Established Pharmaceutical Division (EPD) is looking for a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions for its global Pha
rma Division Headquarter based in Allschwil- Basel. Primary Job Function: The central Advanced Analytics team at the Abbott Established Pharma Divisio
n’s (EPD) headquarters in Basel helps define and lead the transformation towards becoming a global, data-driven company with the help of data and mode
rn data technologies (e.g., Machine Learning, Deep Learning). To us, Advanced Analytics is an important lever to reach our business targets, now and i
n the future; It helps differentiate ourselves from our competition and ensure sustainable revenue growth at optimal margins. Hence the central AA tea
m is an integral part of the Strategy Management Office at EPD that has a very close link and regular interactions with the EPD Senior Leadership Team
. With the above requirements in mind, EPD is looking to fill a role of a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions, reporting to the Director of Advanced
 Analytics. You will lead a team of Data Scientists (senior/principal) developing effective and impactful data science solutions for EPD world-wide, s
ometimes in collaboration with regional/local/functional data scientists within EPD and sometimes with the help of external partners. Core Job Respons
ibilities: Lead and be responsible for on-time and high-quality delivery of prioritized Advanced Analytics solutions in collaboration with AA product 
owners and dedicated lead data scientists. Help the team of data scientists structure, challenge, scope, refine effective data science solutions to ke
y business challenges. Main responsible for the quality of data science solutions. Challenge and coach data scientists within global as well as region
al/local/functional data science team as well as at external partners to push for optimal insights and optimized/tailored/high-impact data science sol
ution. Lead the global data science team (7-10 members). Define and ensure implementation of data science standards for exploration, development, and 
deployment, which are also applicable to regional, local, functional data science teams within Abbott EPD as well as external data science partners. M
inimum Education: Master or PhD in relevant field (e.g., applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, applied statistics) Minimum Experience/Tr
aining Required: At least 8-10 years of relevant working experience, ideally in pharma environment Experience in leading a data science team, ideally 
on- and offshore · Solid experience working on full-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems (experie
nce in the financial/commercial or manufacturing / supply chain areas a plus). Strong experience in e.g., data mining, statistical modelling, predicti
ve modelling, and development of machine learning algorithms Solid programming experience in Python with good knowledge of SQL Experience in building 
python-based web application Proven problem-solving ability in international settings preferably with developing markets Practical experience in worki
ng and leading teams working in cloud environment preferably AWS / Sagemaker a plus Solid experience working and managing a team working on full-life 
cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems Practical experience managing a team deploying machine learning s
olutions Good understanding of good software engineering principles and how to implement them in an organization Good knowledge of testing frameworks 
and libraries and how to implement them in an organization Proven communication skills, ability to lead diverse teams Practical experience in advanced
 data analysis techniques that include customer segmentation, propensity modelling, pricing & optimization techniques, and predictive modeling Ability
 to work with and lead cross-functional teams and bring business and data science closer together - consultancy experience a plus Fluency in English a
 must, additional languages a plus Intrinsic motivation to guide people and make Advanced Analytics more accessible to a broader range of stakeholders
. Employer of Choice: Through numerous local, national and international accolades, Abbott is regarded as an employer of choice for our commitment to 
workplace excellence. Our employees are given the tools to succeed, lead and grow, with challenging opportunities and work that makes a difference. Th
rough our diverse healthcare businesses, we connect people and potential in ways that no other company can. Discover a world of opportunities at Abbot
t. Do you like the sound of this job and think you’ve got what it takes? Then send us your CV today. We look forward to receiving your application as 
pdf. (If you want to upload several documents, don`t save in between uploading them to be able to do so. Once you save your uploads, you will not be a
ble to add more documents)KontaktAbbott(0)39 Jobshttps://www.abbott.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / Master Thesis : Dynamic Measurement App using the new smartphones cameraElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Februar 2
024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneInternship / Master Thesis : Dynamic Measurement App using the new smartphones camera About ELC
A We are ELCA, one of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, Spain, Italy, France, Viet
nam and Mauritius. Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants provide tailor-made and standa
rdized solutions to support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland. Our activity spans across
 multiples fields of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSecurity.    Today, the camer
as of smartphones have reached a new level of technological advancement with features such as focus, depth of field, optical zoom, and optical image s
tabilization. Can we use these new capabilities in innovative use cases that go beyond taking photos and videos?  One possible use case is to measure 
the speed and distance of moving objects using the camera. Imagine being able to point your camera at any car, bike, or runner and get their speed and
 distance information in real time. How great and useful would that be?  This is the challenge that you will face in this internship: to design and bu
ild a mobile app that uses the camera to measure the speed and distance of moving objects. You will use the latest technologies of the camera, such as
 high-resolution, optical zoom, and optical image stabilization, to achieve this goal. You will also integrate with a map provider to show the locatio
n and trajectory of the moving object.  Your key challenge will be to develop a mobile app that uses the camera to its full potential and delivers a u
seful and impressive experience to the users. You will join our team of mobile developers, with the support of our computer vision and machine learnin
g experts. You will work in a dynamic and highly skilled environment.      Objectives:   Analysis & research of current speed and distance measurement
 solutions and camera technologies   Understand the key principles and techniques of speed and distance measurement using the camera   Identify & vali
date the best solution architecture and design for the speed and distance measurement app   Design and develop a speed and distance measurement app th
at showcases the innovation and quality of using the camera       › A dynamic work and collaborative environment with a highly motivated multi-cultura
l and international sites team › Attractive prospects for career path & Personal development through training and coaching › The chance to make a diff
erence in peoples’ life by building innovative solutions › Various internal coding events (Hackathon, Brownbags), see our technical blog › Monthly Aft
er-Works organized per locations › Good work-life balance (2 days per week from home) › Attractive pension fund with 3 types of Job Category employees
’ contributions › Premium and worldwide coverage with Zurich         Mobile development knowledge (iOS or Android)   Interest and experience in comput
er vision and machine learning   Interest and experience in mathematics, especially in geometry, trigonometry, and algebra   Interest and experience i
n camera technologies   Sensibility to User Experience and interface design KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer Full Stack (w/d/m) 60-100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, ZürichSoftware Engineer Full Stack (w/d/m) 60-100%Wir verwenden Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Techn
ologien, um unsere Besucher und Ihre Einstellungen zu Cookies wiederzuerkennen. Einige Cookies sind notwendig, damit diese Webseiten funktionieren und
 angezeigt werden. Andere helfen uns, Ihr Nutzererlebnis auf unseren Webseiten zu verbessern. Dazu setzen wir auch Technologien und Cookies von Dritte
n ein. Sie dienen der Analyse und erlauben uns, personalisierte Inhalte und Anzeigen in sozialen Medien anzubieten. Mehr Informationen finden Sie hier
: Datenschutzerklärung Software Engineer Full Stack (w/d/m) Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Softwareprodukte
 in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung und der konsequente
n Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann bist du bei BSI go
ldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben  Du gestaltest spannende Kundenprojekte von Anfang bis Ende, ab dem ersten Tag. In einem interdisziplinären, agilen Team ent
wickelst du massgeschneiderte Lösungen für geschäftskritische Softwaresysteme. Von der Beratung bis zur Umsetzung – du übernimmst den Lead. Du nutzt m
odernste Technologie und bringst uns mit deinen Innovationen weiter.  Wir suchen Macher  Hochschulabschluss Bachelor oder Master Freude an Software un
d Kundenkontakt Kenntnisse in der Software-Entwicklung, v.a. Java und JavaScript Initiative, Kreativität, Teamgeist, Verantwortung, analytisches Denke
n Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse  Starke Gründe für BSI  Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektalltag und für deine Weiterentwicklung Flexible K
arrierewege und vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Möglichkeit für berufsbegleitendes Studium und Beteiligun
g an den Studiengebühren Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hierarchie Unternehmerische Gestaltungs- und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Flexible Arbeitszei
ten und Orte BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantum Computing Engineer (IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfQuantum Computing Engineer (IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the European Organization for Nucle
ar Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific ins
truments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The pr
ocess gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cer
n.     Job Description    Introduction  Join the team investigating the impact of Quantum Technologies on High Energy Physics at CERN. As a Quantum Co
mputing Engineer, in the context of the CERN Quantum Technology Initiative - https://quantum.cern/ -, you will take a leading role in the design and i
mplementation, of hybrid classical quantum algorithms for different applications in High Energy Physics. You will study state of the art algorithms, u
nderstand their applicability to realistic problems in High Energy Physics, and evaluate their performance on near term hardware while estimating thei
r scalability toward fault tolerant quantum computers. You will strive to build collaborations with experts from different domains from HEP to quantum
 information, from academia to leading research teams in the private sector.  Functions  In the IT Department, Strategy & Executive Governance (GOV) g
roup, you will:  Supervise a team of researchers and students and coordinate R&D activities in emerging data science and computing engineering technol
ogies such as Quantum Computing and Quantum Machine Learning and contribute to assessing their applicability to CERN research activities in the contex
t of the CERN Quantum Technology Initiative; Develop, optimise, deploy algorithms to support the physics experiments workflows in areas such as simula
tion, classification, or anomaly detection using machine learning and deep learning methods, exploring, in particular the performance of Quantum Compu
ting on the different tasks; Contribute to the definition of new standards for the design and deployment of Quantum Computing algorithms on hybrid cla
ssical-quantum computing infrastructure; Perform horizon scans to stay up to date with the latest technology, techniques and methods and look for oppo
rtunities to use technologies and methods within other functions in the Organization.      Qualifications   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relev
ant experience in the field of Quantum computing for Physics or a related field.  Experience:  The candidate should have:  Demonstrated experience in 
implementation and optimisation of Quantum Computing and Quantum Machine Learning  algorithms; Proven experience with computing for High-Energy Physic
s, experiment simulation and analysis software and applications; Previous experience in coordinating teams to evaluate, prototype, and deploy innovati
ve algorithms, and liaise and coordinate with a variety of stakeholders at all levels across the Organization, user communities and innovation partner
s; Experience in Cloud-based solutions for Quantum Computing and data science.   Technical competencies:   Knowledge of programming techniques and lan
guages: (Qiskit, Pennylane, Qibo, scikit-learn, Jax, Keras) Development of application software: , from small prototype applications to complex numeri
cal simulations and technical code development; Identification and selection of relevant emerging ICT technologies: , in particular to implement strat
egies for data classification, anomaly detection, dynamic system simulation.   Behavioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured and 
organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with results in mind Delivering high quality work on time and fulfilling 
expectations. Driving work / projects along and seeing them through to their conclusion. Demonstrating Accountability: working conscientiously and rel
iably; delivering on promises. Taking responsibility for own actions and decisions. Working in Teams: building and maintaining constructive and effect
ive work relationships. Seeking to help other team members when own work is done; supporting others.   Language skills:  Spoken and written English: a
bility to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical specifications and/or scientific reports and to mak
e oral presentations. The willingness to acquire French language will be an asset.     Additional Information    Eligibility and closing date:   Diver
sity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce i
s central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as possible,
 and applications should normally reach us no later than 19.05.2024.  Employment Conditions  Contract type: Limited duration contract (3 years). Subje
ct to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. These functions require:  Work during nights, Su
ndays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: IT-GOV-INN-2024-38-LD Benchmark Job Title:
 Computing Engineer BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEngETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:ZürichPhD st
udent in Physiological Sensing/BioEngPhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEng 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Sensing, Interaction & Perception Lab is
 looking for a PhD student in physiological sensing. This job ad is intentionally short and only complete applications will be considered. In short, p
romising applicants have built their own physiological sensor before (e.g., PPG, ECG) and custom PCB as part of an embedded device. To learn more abou
t our research, check out our website Project background Background will be our previous work on mobile health, continuous physiological sensing, and 
precision medicine. Job description We will work on novel sensing prototypes for physiological signals, embedded systems, signal processing, and physi
ological modeling related to our previous work. Your profile Prerequisites Candidates should have an excellent master's degree in Electrical Engineeri
ng, Bioengineering, Mechatronics, Robotics, Computer Science, or related. Candidates should also have: 1) demonstrated experience in physiological sen
sing and hardware prototyping  comprehend, process, and evaluate hardware datasheets & schematics schematic & PCB layout design (e.g., in Altium, Cade
nce, KiCad), ideally simulation tools like LTspice hands-on soldering prototypes and assembling them to working units firmware development and debuggi
ng (C/C++) low-level interfaces and communication standards (I2C, SPI, UART, BLE, ...)  2) demonstrated experience in basic human physiology, especial
ly  understanding basic cardiac physiological processes experience working with physiological data analyze cardiac data of cardiac dysfunction for res
earch purposes  3) demonstrated experience in signal processing  physiological sensing systems (e.g., PPG, ECG, EOG, ...) bonus: ML-based signal proce
ssing (deep learning on time series)  Application documents to be submitted  a PDF showing your projects that are most relevant to this position  (thi
s should include at least one custom physiological sensing device that you created and describe the signal processing you performed, on device or offl
ine post-hoc)  your CV university score records (for undergrad and master's) contact details of at least two academic referees  This position is not a
 match for candidates who have exclusively worked with existing datasets and designed machine learning methods for them. All applications require a de
monstrated experience in sensing and hardware prototyping. Your workplace Your workplace We offer We offer an exciting environment to study and work i
n. For more information, check out ETH has several internationally recognized research groups dedicated to hardware prototyping, electrical engineerin
g, robotics, signal processing, physiological computing, and machine learning. We collaborate with several of them as well as institutions and compani
es in Switzerland and abroad. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We process applications in two s
tages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the outcome of their submission 
within a month. Please do not send your documents via email. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We 
process applications in two stages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the
 outcome of their submission within a month. Please do not send your documents via email.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Internship / Master Thesis : Ticket sales bot detectionSecuTix SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:LausanneInternship / Master Thesis : Ticket sales bot detection About SECUTIX SECUTIX is the market leader in advanced digital solutions for th
e events industry. Offering a seamlessly integrated and open cloud platform, SECUTIX gives organizations complete control and a suite of tools to help
 better understand and digitally engage with audiences, monetize products and services, secure operations and take audience experiences to the next le
vel. SECUTIX serves a range of organizations on a global scale, including sport clubs, stadiums and arenas, museums, live entertainment organizations,
 leisure parks and festivals. Its emblematic customers include the UEFA, Ópera National de Paris, Centre Pompidou, Paléo Festival, Musée Picasso Paris
 and many more.     The SecuTix 360° ticketing solution is a global integrated software suite, which has been developed for professionals in the field
s of entertainment, leisure, and events, who wish to expand their offering and revenue but also to excel in managing their customer relationship.    D
uring large online ticket sales, bot detection is increasingly important for our clients. In addition to protecting the system from an unsustainable l
oad, excluding robots also helps restrict the black market and results in a fairer sales process. Robot-generated sales and users also pollute custome
r data, affecting marketing campaigns and other BI analysis. In this context, the aim of this internship is to design and implement a real-time user-s
pecific “robot index”, recording the likelihood a given user is a robot. In addition, we will look at providing a real-time interface for monitoring l
ive sales and taking relevant operational actions.      Objectives:     Assess current state-of-the-art techniques for detecting internet robot activi
ty and applicability to the ticketing business (machine learning, other data analysis tools)   Design and integrate a robot index tracking on the Secu
tix internet sales channels   For use during live ticket sales, design and implement a real-time interface for monitoring the current robot activity a
nd taking actions against identified threats.   Run system load tests to validate the result.       › A dynamic work and collaborative environment wit
h a highly motivated multi-cultural and international sites team › Attractive prospects for career path & Personal development through training and co
aching › The chance to make a difference in peoples’ life by building innovative solutions › Various internal coding events (Hackathon, Brownbags), se
e our technical blog › Monthly After-Works organized per locations › Good work-life balance (2 days per week from home) › Attractive pension fund with
 3 types of Job Category employees’ contributions › Premium and worldwide coverage with Zurich     ›Good knowledge of the software development process
, ideally with some Java experience ›Good knowledge of web technologies and protocols ›Experience with machine learning or other data analysis tools w
ould be a plus ›Team oriented ›Project will be focused on providing a useful tool for live sales, so an interest in system operation and monitoring as
pects would be good BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Process SolutionsIWB Industrielle Werke BaselBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Basel
Praktikum Process SolutionsPraktikum Process Solutions     Freue dich auf spannende Aufgaben:   Setze deine Fähigkeiten bei der strategischen Weiteren
twicklung des unternehmensweiten Business Process Managements (BPM) sowie der Überarbeitung der IWB Prozesslandschaft zu End-to-End (E2E) orientierten
 Geschäftsprozessen ein. Wirke bei der Modellierung von unternehmensweiten Geschäftsprozessen mit und bringe deine Ideen zur Analyse und Optimierung e
in. Unterstütze bei der Vorbereitung und Begleitung von internen und externen Qualitätsmanagementaudits (ISO 9001 und ISO 14001). Arbeite in vielseiti
gen Projekten und Mandaten innerhalb des Finanzbereichs und von IWB (u.a. Automatisierung durch Workflows oder RPA, Process Mining, Machine Learning) 
mit. Übernehme delegierte administrative und organisatorische Aufgaben des Teams.     Damit machst du uns noch besser:   Du befindest dich in der Endp
hase deines Bachelors oder im Masterstudium (oder Abschluss innerhalb der letzten 12 Monate) mit der Fachrichtung Wirtschaftsinformatik, Betriebswirts
chaft, Data Science oder vergleichbaren Fachrichtungen Idealerweise hast du Erfahrung mit der Modellierung nach BPMN 2.0, im Workflow Management, mit 
Audits im Rahmen von ISO 9001 und/oder in BPM-Umsetzungsprojekten. Transparente und offene Kommunikation lebst du selbstverständlich. Du begeisterst d
ich für neue Technologien und weisst, wie du mit diesen deine Produktivität und Effizienz auf ein neues Level hebst. Modernes Projektmanagement und ku
nden- und prozessorientiertes Arbeiten treibt dich an.   Manche, die schon lange bei IWB dabei sind, finden, dass hier zu arbeiten noch nie so viel Sp
ass gemacht hat. Ob Photovoltaik-Anlage, Wärmepumpe oder Ladestation fürs E-Auto – wir bieten alles aus einer Hand. Das macht unsere Arbeit ganz schön
 bunt. Mindestens so wichtig ist der wunderbare Teamgeist. Dieser kommt nicht von ungefähr. Wir unternehmen nämlich einiges, damit das so ist – und bl
eibt. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud System Engineer (w/d/m) 80 - 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, Zürich, RemoteCloud System Engineer (w/d/m) 80 - 100%Wir verwenden Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technol
ogien, um unsere Besucher und Ihre Einstellungen zu Cookies wiederzuerkennen. Einige Cookies sind notwendig, damit diese Webseiten funktionieren und a
ngezeigt werden. Andere helfen uns, Ihr Nutzererlebnis auf unseren Webseiten zu verbessern. Dazu setzen wir auch Technologien und Cookies von Dritten 
ein. Sie dienen der Analyse und erlauben uns, personalisierte Inhalte und Anzeigen in sozialen Medien anzubieten. Mehr Informationen finden Sie hier: 
Datenschutzerklärung Cloud System Engineer (w/d/m) Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Softwareprodukte in den B
ereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung und der konsequenten Kundenz
entrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann bist du bei BSI goldrichtig
! Deine Aufgaben  Sicherstellung des robusten, effizienten SaaS Betriebs in einer Multi-Cloud Umgebung basierend auf zwei Betriebsplattformen Event-, 
Störungsbehebungs- und Problemmanagement Konfiguration, Dokumentation und Weiterentwicklung unserer Systeme Realisierung von kundenspezifischen Projek
ten (Anforderungen- und Machbarkeitsanalysen, Konzept-, Umsetzungs- und Betriebsphase) Planung und Durchführung von Wartungsarbeiten Software-Projekte
 von BSI im Bereich System Engineering unterstützen  Wir suchen Macher  Abgeschlossene Ausbildung in Informatik oder höhere Aus- und Weiterbildung in 
Informatik Erfahrung mit Linux Knowhow (Ubuntu/Debian, RedHat/CentOS) Kenntnisse in den Bereichen Netzwerk, Security, Virtualisierung Interesse an Aut
omatisierungstools (Ansible, Terraform) und Container (Docker/Kubernetes) Neugier, effizientes Arbeiten und unternehmerisches Denken Sehr gute Deutsch
- und Englischkenntnisse  Starke Gründe für BSI  Flexible Karrierewege und vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektal
ltag und für deine Weiterentwicklung Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hierarchie Unternehmerische Gestaltungs- 
und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Orte BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Research Associate Safety-Critical Systems Research Lab 70 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenZHAW Zürcher Hochschu
le für Angewandte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Research As
sociate Safety-Critical Systems Research Lab 70 - 100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenSenior Research Associate Safety-Critic
al Systems Research Lab 70 - 100 % Are you familiar with artificial intelligence (AI) and interested in new complex technologies for safety-critical a
pplications? Become part of our team and help shape a future with safe AI systems! School: School of Engineering Starting date: Immediately or by agre
ement The position covers a diverse range of tasks:  Collaboration, management and acquisition of applied research and development projects in the fie
ld of AI-enabled safety-critical systems with partners from other institutes, industry and regulatory bodies Technical supervision and guidance of res
earch assistants in research projects and students in project, Bachelor's and Master's theses Development, creation and participation in the implement
ation of continuing education programs Support in the implementation of courses in Bachelor's and Master's degree programs Publication of results in s
cientific journals and presentation at conferences  For this position, we are looking for a candidate with a degree in mathematics, physics, computer 
science or another engineering discipline. You have solid experience in the application of Python frameworks for machine learning (ML) projects, are f
amiliar with current methods and trends in the field of machine learning and show a continuous interest in further advancing your knowledge. You have 
extensive knowledge in the development and verification of AI systems, especially in the areas of fault prediction and robustness. Furthermore, you ha
ve experience in visual computing and are interested in applying these skills in safety-critical ML projects. In addition, you have the ability to ana
lyze complex problems, develop innovative solutions in close cooperation with internal partners from our sister institutes (in particular the Center f
or Artificial Intelligence, the Institute of Computer Science and the Institute of Embedded Systems) and implement them with our external project part
ners. You are characterized by a flair for results-oriented, scientific work in a heterogeneous and interdisciplinary environment. Zurich University o
f Applied Sciences ZHAW is one of Switzerland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 facult
y and staff. ZHAW is committed to gender-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation. As one of Switzerland's leadi
ng educational and research institutions, the School of Engineering (SoE) focuses on future-oriented topics. 14 institutes and centers guarantee high-
quality education, research and development with a focus on energy, mobility, information and health. The staff of IAMP form an interdisciplinary team
, which solves complex problems with and for partners from business, science and politics in applied research projects, and which applies and passes o
n its expertise, for consultancy and services as well as for education and further training. In the Safety-Critical Systems Research Lab, we explore m
ethods for the development and analysis of safety-critical complex socio-technological systems and apply these, together with internal and external pa
rtners, in the realization and verification of such systems in a cross-industry environment. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedi
ngungen an und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf 
der Webseite «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Dr. Monika Reif Schwerpunktleiterin Sicherheitskritische Systeme Tanja 
Schmid Recruiting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formationEmpa, Materials Science and TechnologyBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 Apr
il 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St. GallenPhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound formationMaterials scienc
e and technology are our passion. With our cutting-edge research, Empa's around 1,100 employees make essential contributions to the well-being of soci
ety for a future worth living. Empa is a research institution of the ETH Domain. PhD position in Discovery of novel biomarkers for chronic wound forma
tion In a close collaboration with several other Empa groups, the 'Multi-omics for healthcare materials' and 'Nanomaterials Spectroscopy and Imaging' 
groups are starting a multidisciplinary project aiming to discover novel protein and metabolite biomarkers specific for the early phases of chronic wo
und development. The project will be part of a larger initiative focused on the design of a precision, self-care integrated system to completely under
stand, simulate, and monitor skin wound evolution, with the ultimate aim to treat and prevent chronic wounds.  The candidate will focus on the charact
erization of chronic wounds arising from venous ulcers and perform comprehensive proteomic and metabolomic characterization of wound exudates from pat
ients. Furthermore, the candidate will demonstrate Raman spectroscopy as a rapid, noninvasive, and label-free omics technology enabling metabolic prof
iling and biomarker detection in wound exudates.   Your tasks    Large-scale data analysis, programming and statistical evaluation  Implementation of 
established and development of new workflows for biomarker identification from omics datasets (proteomics, metabolomics, Raman)  Combining Raman spect
roscopy and mass spectrometry-based proteomics, along with cutting-edge machine learning approaches, to enable timely identification of high risk for 
the chronic wound formation Coordinate preparation of wound fluids and perform Raman spectroscopy measurements  Coordination of activities with projec
t partners, including clinicians  Preparation of results for publishing and presentation at conferences    Your profile     A strong background in com
putational biology, physics, physical chemistry or materials science  Strong programming and statistical knowledge, including machine learning  Excell
ent communication skills with a good command of the English language  Interest in clinically applied research and enthusiasm for combining experimenta
l and computational work  Beneficial skills for this position include:    Prior experience with Raman spectroscopy     Our offer    A highly interdisc
iplinary and supportive environment  A cutting-edge research project project which will be instrumental for guiding new therapeutic approaches for wou
nd healing  World-class teams committed to exploring the next-generation of biomedical applications  A global network of collaborators and clinical pa
rtners with opportunities for building a competitive research portfolio.  In addition, we offer outstanding infrastructure, a broad interdisciplinary 
environment and competitive salaries. The position is based at Empa, St. Gallen with frequent visits to Empa headquarters in the Zurich area, and it i
s available from September 2024, or upon mutual agreement, with a planned duration of 3 to 4 years. The PhD student will be enrolled at ETH Zurich. Th
e student will be additionally affiliated with the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics.  For additional information, please contact Dr Marija Buljan (ma
rija.buljan@empa.ch) or Dr Mirjana Dimitrievska (mirjana.dimitrievska@empa.ch).     We live a culture of inclusion and respect. We welcome all people 
who are interested in innovative, sustainable and meaningful activities - that's what counts.  We look forward to receiving your complete online appli
cation including a letter of motivation, CV, certificates, diplomas and contact details of two reference persons. Please submit these exclusively via 
our job portal. Applications by e-mail and by post will not be considered. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung 100 %Medizinbereich Kinder und JugendlicheAbteilung Neuropä
diatrie, Entwicklung & Rehabilitation Ihre Herausforderung  Die sensorisch-afferente Elektrostimulation ist eine neuere Therapieform, die in der Rehab
ilitationsmedizin eingesetzt wird. Bei Erwachsenen mit einer Hemiparese ist die Therapiemethode vielversprechend. Bei Kindern mit einer Hemiparese gib
t es bisher nur wenige wissenschaftliche Arbeiten, welche die Wirksamkeit der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation untersucht haben, diese zeigen 
jedoch vielversprechende Ergebnisse. Um die Wirksamkeit und einen möglichen Therapieerfolg besser verstehen bzw. vorhersagen zu können, werden wir im 
Rahmen der SENSE UP Studie die Wirksamkeit einer sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulationsbehandlung auf die bimanuelle Handfunktion bei Kindern und J
ugendlichen mit einer Hemiparese untersuchen. Zur Messung der Wirksamkeit der Therapie werden neuartige Verfahren wie die kinematische Evaluation zur 
Herleitung von Digitalen Biomarker eingesetzt, welche am Neurotec Center (https://www.neuro-tec.ch/ www.sitem-insel.ch) und am ARTORG Center for Biome
dical Engineering entwickelt und evaluiert werden. Die Wirkmechanismen der sensorisch-afferenten Elektrostimulation werden mit Hilfe von neurophysiolo
gischen Verfahren wie der funktionellen Magnetresonanztomographie (fMRI) und der transkraniellen Magnetstimulation (TMS) näher erforscht. Als PhD Stud
ent:in werden Sie federführend in die Programmierung und Evaluation der kinematischen Untersuchung eingebunden, welche mit neuartigen sensorischen Mes
sverfahren mit der DeepLabCut Software erfasst wird. Im Weiteren werden Sie aktiv bei der Durchführung und Evaluation der neurophysiologischen Untersu
chungen (fMRI und TMS) eingebunden sein. Sie werden bei der Auswertung der Daten federführend mitwirken (Auswerten der Untersuchungen, statistische An
alysen, Verfassen von Publikationen). Die SENSE UP Studie wird als Kooperationsprojekt der Universitätskliniken für Kinderheilkunde, des Instituts für
 Neurochirugie des Inselspitales Bern, dem Institut für Diagnostische und Interventionellen Neuroradiologie des Inselspitales Bern sowie des NeuroTec 
Teams und des ARTORG Centers durchgeführt.  PhD Student:in Digitale Biomarker für Kinder mit Hirnverletzung    Ihr Profil Wir suchen engagierte Studen
t:innen mit Interesse an Digitalen Biomarkern, AI und Machine Learning, sowie klinischen Neurowissenschaften. Sie verfügen über einen universitären Ab
schluss in Data Science, Biomedical Engineering, Informatik, Gesundheitswissenschaften oder ähnliches und haben ein aussergewöhnliches Interesse an ei
ner Weiterentwicklung Ihrer Kenntnisse im Bereich der motorischen Neurorehabilitation und der kinematischen und neurophysiologischen Untersuchungsmeth
oden. Sie haben ein technisches Flair und idealerweise Vorkenntnisse im Bereich MR-Analysen, Programmieren und Statistik sowie Freude am selbstständig
en Arbeiten, am Umgang mit Kinder und Jugendlichen und ihren Eltern und am Studienmanagement. Sie können gut organisieren und planen, sind geschickt i
n der Kommunikation, kooperativ und verfügen über eine hohe Lernbereitschaft. Sie haben sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in Deutsch und Englisch sowie ideal
erweise Französisch.   Das erwartet Sie Wir bieten ein stimulierendes Arbeitsumfeld mit regem interdisziplinären Austausch unter FachexpertInnen aus d
en Bereichen Neuropsychologie, Neuropädiatrie, Bewegungswissenschaft, Neuroradiologie und AI sowie Machine Learning. Im Medizinbereich Kinder- und Jug
endliche haben Sie die Möglichkeit an den internen Seminaren, Weiterbildungen und Journal Clubs teil zu nehmen. Als PhD Student:in werden Sie der Grad
uate School of Health integriert werden. Die Entlohnung erfolgt nach den Richtlinien für Doktoratslöhne des Schweizerischen Nationalfonds.   Bewerbung
 und Kontakt Weitere Auskünfte erteilt Ihnen gerne Prof. Dr. Tobias Nef, E-Mail schreiben, +41 31 684 14 23.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://w
ww.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Open PhD Student position in theoretical chemistryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:ZürichOpen PhD Student position in theoretical chemistryA 4-year PhD student position is available in the Luber group at the Department of Che
mistry at University of Zurich (Switzerland). Our group focuses on forefront computational methods at the interface of chemistry, biology, physics, an
d materials science and has broad experience in modelling of reactions using DFT-MD, catalysis (such as water splitting), spectroscopy, excited states
, and development of various other methodologies (e.g. in the CP2K package). For more details, see our group's website.  Open PhD Student position in 
theoretical chemistry    Your responsibilities The PhD project will deal with development and application of novel, accurate approaches for the study 
of functional compounds. A possible direction of the project is the development of advanced dynamic approaches for detailed and realistic study of rea
ction mechanisms and reaction networks considering in a sophisticated manner environmental effects (also under catalytic conditions). This can include
 the development of advanced enhanced sampling approaches and embedding techniques for highly accurate description beyond the DFT level / at catalytic
 conditions (possibly also combined with machine learning). Additionally, the project(s) may be carried out in close collaboration with experimental o
r other computational groups.   Your profile The candidate must hold an excellent Master's degree in chemistry, interdisciplinary natural sciences, ph
ysics, or related, and have profound English and autonomous learning ability skills. The successful candidate will be highly creative, ambitious, and 
motivated. Strong programming skills and very good knowledge about electronic structure theory, (ab initio) molecular dynamics and/or catalysis are an
 advantage.   What we offer We offer a vibrant, inspiring environment in a brand-new building with cutting-edge resources and research, access to worl
d-leading supercomputers, and high-profile interdisciplinary collaborations. Funding for the participation at summer schools, conferences etc. is also
 available.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG) (80-100%)Spiden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:Pfäffikon SZSenior Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG) (80-100%)About Spiden    Your profile  Minimum Qualification   Master's / PhD d
egree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, a related technical field, or equivalent algorithm development experience. 
8+ years of experience in writing software working with at least one compiled and one interpreted language such as Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, C, C+
+ 6+ years of Algorithm engineering experience in industry developing PPG and multi-biosignal algorithms  Experience with scientific analysis packages
 such as scikit-learn  Demonstrable capacity to digest scientific literature effectively, including cross-disciplinary domains. High attention to deta
il and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities, being comfortable in a dynamic and sometimes ambiguous environment. The following qual
ifications are a plus: Experience with Machine Learning at the Edge (optimization, HW accelerators, GPU, distributed computing)  Experience in the hea
lthcare or pharma industry     IMPORTANT: we cannot sponsor working permits for non-EU / EFTA nationals for this role. Applications that do not fulfil
l this criteria will be automatically rejected.  We offer  Work/Life Balance Working at a growing MedTech start-up is demanding and our goals are ambi
tious, which is why our team puts a strong emphasis on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the f
low you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. Therefore, we offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own b
alance between your work and personal life. Values and Mission are important at Spiden, as the ultimate goal is to improve people's well-being and we 
aspire to live that. We will have the chance to discuss value and mission during the interview process.  Diversity With 18 nationalities in the compan
y, we strive to build a diverse and exciting environment. Within the SMLE team we take special care of gender diversity - currently balanced at 50/50 
among the permanent employees- and equal opportunities.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad m
ix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We want you to grow with Spid
en.  Amazing team! In this role, you will be part of the  Machine Learning Research & Engineering team , currently composed by 20 awesome colleagues f
rom which you will have the opportunity to learn a lot professionally, but also enjoy great conversations and fresh and well informed points of view. 
Additionally, you will be working closely with all RnD teams, including Biomedical Science, Biochemistry, Biophotonics, and Electrical Engineering.   
Don't forget to check the  team page  on our website!   Your mission What could you build on top of real-time and non-invasive Glucose monitoring? Tha
t is what Spiden is all about, and we want to beat Apple at it: https://t.ly/krj7d Machine learning, personalized health, and predictive medicine. If 
these areas resonate with you, join us to work on foundational technologic and scientific challenges at Spiden. We are a Swiss MedTech venture with th
e vision to use state-of-the-art detection techniques to continuously monitor and learn from a wide range of vital indicators, to better manage chroni
c diseases, to customize critical treatments and, to improve your health.  Using proprietary optical sensors, Spiden is building a cutting-edge biomed
ical data generation pipeline to train medical-grade Machine Learning algorithms to infer glucose transcutaneously from spectral measurements. To achi
eve our vision, our team and advisory board consist of world experts coming from top academic institutions (ETH, EPFL, Columbia, Princeton, or Harvard
 among others) and industry leaders (Baxter, Roche, Lonza). We are looking for talented, experienced, voraciously curious, and self-driven professiona
ls to join an A-team of doers: https://t.ly/vmCKi After 4+ years in R&D phase, we are sprinting towards product development phase to launch to market.
 Therefore, joining as one of the first 60 permanent employees provides you great opportunities for growth in responsibilities and impact.  Responsibi
lities As a Sr. Algorithm Engineer / Data Scientist (PPG), you will research and collaboratively build computational solutions to real world problems 
in our domain: a continuous non-invasive glucose monitoring smartwatch. Your work involves being able to acquire and smartly combine deep multi-discip
linary knowledge (biophotonics, biomedical, microfluidics, electronics and manufacturing). For this opening in particular,  we are looking for a Photo
plethysmography (PPG) expert with extensive industry exposure to real world data challenges, working with multi-biosignal combinations (raw PPG, accel
erometer and giroscope) for pulse, SpO2 and activity detection algorithms.     Our recruitment process The interview process consists of 3 stages: Int
roduction call (20 min - led by hiring manager - remote with video)Technical Interview (60-90min - led by engineers from the team - remote with video)
On-site interview (90 - 120 min - Culture & Team fit, Lab tour, if role requires meet members from other teams - in person in our office and lab in Pf
äffikon) KontaktSpiden AG(0)9 Jobshttps://spiden.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant*in Machine VisionBystronic Laser AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:NiederönzPraktikant*
in Machine VisionPersonaldienstleister können Bewerbungen einreichen, sofern sie die „Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen für die Zusammenarbeit zwischen
 der Bystronic Laser AG und Personaldienstleister“ gelesen haben und vollständig akzeptieren. Wir empfehlen vor Eingabe von Bewerbungen mit dem entspr
echenden HR-Verantwortlichen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Wer wir sind. Was wir tun. Wir sind Bystronic - ein globales Technologieunternehmen im Bereich der B
lechbearbeitung. Bei uns treiben unsere Mitarbeitenden unsere gemeinsame Zukunft voran, mit Blech und darüber hinaus. Wir wollen mit Menschen arbeiten
, die uns dabei unterstützen, innovative Lösungen zu schaffen, die unsere Branche voranbringen. Unser Fokus liegt auf der Automatisierung des gesamten
 Material- und Datenflusses in der Prozesskette des Laserschneidens und Biegens. Zur Unterstützung des R&D-Teams im Bereich Machine Vision bietet die 
Bystronic eine interessante Praktikumsstelle an. Zu den Aufgaben gehören neben dem Daily Business das Evaluieren und Testen von neuen Vision Systemen 
im Umfeld der Laserbearbeitungsmaschine. Praktikant*in Machine Vision Was du bewirken kannst  Eingliederung einer CCTV Kamera in unser Vision Template
 Framework HW und FW Abklärungen basierend auf dem Einsatz eines Toradex SoMs bezüglich Kamera Interface, Ethernet and MIPI Bewertung von Bildern mit 
Hilfe von Vision Algorithmen Extraktion von Features mit Hilfe einer Vision Library (Halcon) Verarbeitung von Bilddaten durch Machine Learning Dokumen
tation der Ergebnisse  Deine Ausbildung und Erfahrung  Elektroingenieur, Softwareingenieur oder Mikrotechnikingenieur (FH/HF/Uni) Fachkompetenz in Sof
twareentwicklung (OS Linux, Sprachen Python, C#, CC++) Erfahrung mit Kamera Komponenten und Bildauswertung  Was du mitbringst  Du bist ein Team Player
, bist innovativ und kreativ Englisch und/oder Deutsch berherrschst du verhandlungssicher Ausserdem bist du vertraut mit Microsoft Office (Outlook, Wo
rd, Excel, PowerPoint)  Das bieten wir dir  Diese spannende und verantwortungsvolle Aufgabe bietet dir viele Gestaltungsmöglichkeiten und Mitwirkung b
ei Verbesserungen Wir sind ein familiäres, hilfsbereites Team, unterstützen einander bei den täglichen Herausforderungen und pflegen im Umgang miteina
nder eine unkomplizierte Du-Kultur Du triffst bei uns ein agiles, dynamisches und modernes Arbeitsumfeld in einem stark wachsenden, erfolgreichen Unte
rnehmen an Wir nehmen unsere Verantwortung gegenüber der Umwelt ernst, produzieren unter anderem eigenen Strom und als Mitarbeiter profitierst du von 
diversen E-Mobility-Vergünstigungen  Interessiert? Spricht dich diese vielseitige Herausforderung an? Dann freuen wir uns darauf, dich kennen zu lerne
n! Deine Bewerbung kannst du mit wenigen Klicks auf unserer Plattform einreichen. Sarah Fasnacht, HR Business Partner, freut sich auf deine Bewerbung.
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


IT Business Analyst (w/d/m) 80% - 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:Baden, Baar, Bern, ZürichIT Business Analyst (w/d/m) 80% - 100%Wir verwenden Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um 
unsere Besucher und Ihre Einstellungen zu Cookies wiederzuerkennen. Einige Cookies sind notwendig, damit diese Webseiten funktionieren und angezeigt w
erden. Andere helfen uns, Ihr Nutzererlebnis auf unseren Webseiten zu verbessern. Dazu setzen wir auch Technologien und Cookies von Dritten ein. Sie d
ienen der Analyse und erlauben uns, personalisierte Inhalte und Anzeigen in sozialen Medien anzubieten. Mehr Informationen finden Sie hier: Datenschut
zerklärung IT Business Analyst (w/d/m) Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Kundenlösungen auf Basis unseres Prod
uktportfolios in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation (CX) und Machine Learning (AI). Unternehmen bei der Digitalisier
ung und der konsequenten Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? 
Dann bist du bei BSI goldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben  Du wirst zur Expertin für unser Produkt und bringst dieses Wissen in die Projekte ein. Du arbeitest 
an der Anforderungsaufnahme, Konzepterstellung und am Lösungsdesign für geschäftskritische Softwaresysteme. Du bist für die Lösungen im Projekt verant
wortlich und schaffst echten Mehrwert für unsere Kunden. Du führst unsere Kunden aktiv von Beginn an bis zum Abschluss des Projektes, bist die erste A
nsprechperson für eine erfolgreiche Zusammenarbeit. Dabei arbeitest du mit Kollegen und unseren Kunden in einem interdisziplinären, agilen Team. Unser
 Produktportfolio bringst du mit deinen Innovationen weiter.  Wir suchen Macher  Ab Studium oder Young Professionals Du bist flexibel und hast ein hoh
es Maß an Empathie Sehr gute Moderations- und Präsentations-Skills Du besitzt sehr gutes technisches Verständnis und liebst es, dich in komplexe Sachv
erhalte einzuarbeiten. Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Initiative, Kreativität, Teamgeist, Verantwortung, analytisches Denken  Starke Gründe
 für BSI  Wir haben keine Hierarchie und organisieren uns 100% kundenzentriert. Unternehmerische Gestaltungs- und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Vielfältig
e Entwicklungs- und Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten (10 Tage/Jahr frei verfügbar) Einzigartige Firmenkultur und starke Werte. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job
 melden


PhD studentUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD studentAt the professo
rship for Clinical Intervention and Global Mental Health, we seek to develop accessible, scalable, and evidence-based tools to assess and treat mental
 health disorders. Our current research focuses on a newly introduced mental health disorder, prolonged grief disorder, and the psychological sequala 
The successful applicant will work with the head of the Department, Prof Dr Clare Killikelly and Post Doctoral candidate.  PhD student    Your respons
ibilities We are looking for a PhD student who will manage and conduct a large-scale international research project. The project will explore the long
itudinal trajectory of prolonged grief symptoms using fine-grained experience sampling methods. You will be responsible for assisting with project pla
nning, recruiting participants, complex statistical data analysis and the write-up of peer-reviewed manuscripts. Experience and interest in working wi
th mobile apps and experience sampling methodology desirable. Interest in learning app development and programming desirable.   Your profile   a Maste
r's psychology or a related discipline experience with experimental research excellent method knowledge and skills; very good command of English, flue
nt in German interest and experience working in mental health  In addition, it would be desirable if you had: experience with publishing in internatio
nal journals programming skills experience with mathematical / computational modeling / machine learning experience using mobile apps in the research 
context     What we offer We offer a dynamic and innovative working environment with an international team of motivated clinicians and researchers. Th
e UZH offers opportunities for professional development including teaching, collaboration and networking with top researchers leaders in the field. Th
e University of Zurich strives to increase diversity in research, teaching, and administration (Promotion of diversity and prevention of discriminatio
n) and takes this into account in the recruitment process. The position is located in an ideal geographical situation in the young, dynamic, and inter
national city of Zurich, offering a living standard that ranks consistently amongst the highest in the world.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben 
KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Drone Research EngineerUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDrone Research 
EngineerThe Robotics and Perception Group is led by Prof. Davide Scaramuzza.Our lab was founded in February 2012 and is part of the Department of Info
rmatics, at the University of Zurich, and the Department of Neuroinformatics, which is a joint institute of both the University of Zurich and ETH Zuri
ch.Our mission is to research the fundamental challenges of robotics and computer vision that will benefit all of humanity. Our key interest is to dev
elop autonomous machines that can navigate all by themselves using only onboard cameras and computation, without relying on external infrastructure, s
uch as GPS or position tracking systems, nor off-board computing. Our interests encompass predominantly micro drones because they are more challenging
 and offer more research opportunities than ground robots.  Drone Research Engineer    Your responsibilities   Continuous improvements of our robotic 
systems Maintaining a fleet of quadrotors and a set of robot demos Setting up and conducting experiments in the lab and in the field Code reviewing, c
ode optimization, and implementation of new features Full-time, but part-time applicants will be considered Work on project LINA, a high-tech testing 
infrastructure of autonomous systems     Your profile   Knowledge of German or Swiss German (C1-C2 level) and familiarity with Swiss working system M.
Sc. or B.Sc. in Mechanical Eng., Electrical Eng., Computer Science, or related field Knowledge of C++ and Python Experience with embedded systems Abil
ity to work organized and independently Good communication skills in English Plus: Robot Operating System (ROS) Plus: Knowledge of FPV quadrotor hardw
are and firmware Plus: Experience piloting RC aircraft, or willingness to learn Plus: 3D CAD experience (Onshape) Plus: Soldering and hardware prototy
ping     What we offer   Work on cutting-edge research in a world-class robotics laboratory that demonstrated the first AI to beat a human in a physic
al sport Be a member of a collaborative team of vision, systems, control, and machine-learning scientists Possibility to pursue your own research proj
ects Possibility to pursue a PhD     Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Internship or Bachelor/Master-Thesis (m/f/d)AutoForm Development GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichInternship or Bachelor/Master-Thesis (m/f/d)Possible tasks Development of software in a technical/scientific environment Development 
of algorithms in the field of CAD/CAE Design and implementation of graphical user interfaces Integration, testing and documentation Evaluation of soft
ware development tools, technologies, and processes  Your profile Student of computer science, engineering, or natural science Basic knowledge of C an
d/or C++, possibly with some hands-on experience Basic understanding of structured and/or object-oriented programming principles Knowledge of QT and/o
r Python would be beneficial Strong technical interest Good knowledge of English required. German would be a plus.  Examples of past internship and Ba
chelor/Master thesis projects High-quality geometric analyses for FE meshes Reconstruction of bead profiles from 3D geometry Evaluation of Atlassian B
amboo for continuous integration Real-time automotive body part identification in video streams Automatic conversion of CATProduct file to AutoForm in
tegration file  Our offer Work on cutting edge technologies for the automotive industry, in a world-leading international CAE software company Work wi
th great colleagues in a relaxed and supportive atmosphere Read more about our attractive benefits, such as fruits and drinks, professional sports les
sons and regular team events on our Careers website  LocationTo help you get started in your professional career, we regularly offer internship positi
ons in our Software Development Department in Zurich, Dortmund, and Berlin. The minimum duration at 100% workload is 3 months. The minimum workload is
 40%, extending the duration accordingly. Please send us  your CV and attachments and specify:   which of the following topics are of interest to you:
 numerical simulation, geometry and 3D modelling, machine learning, DevOps, automation, tooling, GUI development, testing or software engineering. in 
which of the three locations you would like to work.  We are looking forward to receiving your application. Learn more about AutoForm at our YouTube C
hannel or see our software in action.  Processing of applicant’s personal data is based on our Data Privacy Policy. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melde
n


Impact Data AnalystBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfImpact Data Analy
st Your team Pictet Asset Management manages the assets of some of the world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries and their clients. Our c
ulture welcomes independent thinkers and centres on investment excellence, a long-term perspective and dedication to client service. We are seeking to
 recruit an Impact Data Analyst for our Thematic Equities team to help further develop industry-leading thematic impact measurement tools. The success
ful candidate will work closely with our Thematic Impact and Thematic Investment teams. Your role Working with teams across the organisation to develo
p the models, tools and data underlying our thematic investment process, and ensuring they are kept up to date. Ensuring a strong link between bottom-
up company fundamentals and top-down modelling. Helping the growth of institutional client solutions through advanced reporting. Providing tools, supp
ort and training for investment teams and external stakeholders. Developing and maintaining insightful and user-friendly Tableau dashboards for our in
vestment teams. Developing insightful data visualisations for our sustainability reports and thematic product presentations. Attending ad-hoc client m
eetings as subject matter expert. Acting as a interface between IT, AI Analytics and the Thematic Equities team. Managing projects, taking ownership a
nd driving them to successful completion. Your profile An MSc or PhD preferably in the field of science or engineering. Good understanding of LCA and 
EIO (EEMRIO) concepts and associated modelling. Experience with Python, Data Science packages (e.g. pandas, SciPy) and relational database programming
 (SQL). An affinity to fundamental  company analysis. Strong communication skills; Fluent in English (native or equivalent a plus). Passion for data v
isualisation; experience with Tableau a plus. Must have an interest in sustainability and the equity market. Previous exposure to statistical modellin
g, machine learning or NLP a plus. Must be resident in Switzerland or willing to relocate. Note We will not accept any CVs via agencies    Diversity &
 Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse environment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclu
sion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Impact Data AnalystBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfImpact Data Analy
st Your team Pictet Asset Management manages the assets of some of the world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries and their clients. Our c
ulture welcomes independent thinkers and centres on investment excellence, a long-term perspective and dedication to client service. We are seeking to
 recruit an Impact Data Analyst for our Thematic Equities team to help further develop industry-leading thematic impact measurement tools. The success
ful candidate will work closely with our Thematic Impact and Thematic Investment teams. Your role Working with teams across the organisation to develo
p the models, tools and data underlying our thematic investment process, and ensuring they are kept up to date. Ensuring a strong link between bottom-
up company fundamentals and top-down modelling. Helping the growth of institutional client solutions through advanced reporting. Providing tools, supp
ort and training for investment teams and external stakeholders. Developing and maintaining insightful and user-friendly Tableau dashboards for our in
vestment teams. Developing insightful data visualisations for our sustainability reports and thematic product presentations. Attending ad-hoc client m
eetings as subject matter expert. Acting as a interface between IT, AI Analytics and the Thematic Equities team. Managing projects, taking ownership a
nd driving them to successful completion. Your profile An MSc or PhD preferably in the field of science or engineering. Good understanding of LCA and 
EIO (EEMRIO) concepts and associated modelling. Experience with Python, Data Science packages (e.g. pandas, SciPy) and relational database programming
 (SQL). An affinity to fundamental  company analysis. Strong communication skills; Fluent in English (native or equivalent a plus). Passion for data v
isualisation; experience with Tableau a plus. Must have an interest in sustainability and the equity market. Previous exposure to statistical modellin
g, machine learning or NLP a plus. Must be resident in Switzerland or willing to relocate. Note We will not accept any CVs via agencies    Diversity &
 Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse environment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclu
sion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Enterprise Architect for AILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichEnterpr
ise Architect for AIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenue gl
obal technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers every d
ay in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company b
y further expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) including se
rver, storage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more incl
usive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHu
b. Description and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brighter 
and more inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 markets
 worldwide. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (through 
devices and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inclusi
ve, trustworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As an Enterprise A
rchitect in the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will drive the conception, 
design, and implementation of new generative AI products, solutions, and AI service offerings. Your expertise will be instrumental in translating busi
ness requirements from and for customers into innovative solution designs that extend, deepen, and elevate the Lenovo Center of Expertise AI portfolio
. From inception to productization, your design expertise will bring best practices and best-of-breed tools into play to meet customer needs precisely
. Leading from design to delivery, you'll spearhead our managed services offerings based on generative AI capabilities and emerging innovations. Deplo
ying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud infrastructure will be a significant part of the implemented 
designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to architect and deliver innovative solutions, enabling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seamles
sly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some customer-facing work. This is a remote-only role.  In this 
role, you will:  Lead the design and development of AI and machine learning solutions to address business challenges. This includes selecting appropri
ate technologies, designing system architectures, and ensuring the scalability and reliability of AI applications. Collaborate with data scientists, e
ngineers, and other technical staff to implement AI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with existing systems. Architect
 services leveraging and integrating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance
 and compatibility. Design, develop, and optimize AI workload deployment and delivery across on-premise, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments, guarant
eeing seamless operation and data integrity. Continuously enhance and support architectures focusing on scalability, reliability, performance, cost-ef
ficiency, and regulatory compliance, ensuring our solutions remain at the forefront of industry standards. Develop robust frameworks, templates, and g
overnance models to accelerate the hybrid AI solution and service development and shorten AI product cycles, ensuring timely delivery and market relev
ance. Drive and develop automation and orchestration of managed offerings across hybrid infrastructure, ensuring high efficiency and resource optimiza
tion. Champion security, compliance, responsible AI, and cloud best practices, fostering a culture of excellence and ethical conduct in all our techno
logical endeavors.  Qualifications:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in 
relevant domains. 7+ years of experience architecting and delivering multi-platform solutions and demonstrating a deep understanding of technical and 
operational challenges. Proficiency in AI and machine learning technologies, programming languages (Python or Java), and familiarity with cloud comput
ing platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud). Experience with deep learning, NLP, or other AI subfields may be required. Experience with architecting serv
ices leveraging and integrating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and 
compatibility. Exceptional technical leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfully. A passio
n for continuous learning in this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to the table.  T
he ability to travel or work in different locations, depending on project needs. Preferred Skills:  Advanced knowledge in AI and ML frameworks and lib
raries beyond basic proficiency, including experience with additional frameworks like Keras or libraries like sci-kit-learn. Certifications in AI and 
Machine Learning like TensorFlow Developer Certificate or NVIDIA Certified AI Developer Market experience in one or more of the following: financial s
ervices, telecommunications, industrial manufacturing, energy, consumer products, high-tech, media and entertainment, and automotive Understanding of 
the relationship between various open-source software and hardware components Deep understanding of security best practices, data privacy laws, and co
mpliance requirements in cloud and AI environments, possibly supported by certifications like Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CIS
SP) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM). Experience working in a customer-facing IaaS and PaaS environment preferred. TOGAF 9 Certified, 
TOGAF Business Architecture preferred. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager Data Science SolutionsAbbott AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselSenior Ma
nager Data Science Solutions        JOB DESCRIPTION:   Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. O
ur portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nut
ritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 114,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.            Abbott Established Pharmaceutical 
Division (EPD) is looking for a          Senior Manager Data Science Solutions  for its global Pharma Division Headquarter based in Allschwil- Basel. 
   Primary Job Function:  The central Advanced Analytics team at the Abbott Established Pharma Division’s (EPD) headquarters in Basel helps define and
 lead the transformation towards becoming a global, data-driven company with the help of data and modern data technologies (e.g., Machine Learning, De
ep Learning). To us, Advanced Analytics is an important lever to reach our business targets, now and in the future; It helps differentiate ourselves f
rom our competition and ensure sustainable revenue growth at optimal margins. Hence the central AA team is an integral part of the Strategy Management
 Office at EPD that has a very close link and regular interactions with the EPD Senior Leadership Team.   With the above requirements in mind, EPD is 
looking to fill a role of a Senior Manager Data Science Solutions, reporting to the Director of Advanced Analytics. You will lead a team of Data Scien
tists (senior/principal) developing effective and impactful data science solutions for EPD world-wide, sometimes in collaboration with regional/local/
functional data scientists within EPD and sometimes with the help of external partners.    Core Job Responsibilities:    Lead and be responsible for o
n-time and high-quality delivery of prioritized Advanced Analytics solutions in collaboration with AA product owners and dedicated lead data scientist
s.   Help the team of data scientists structure, challenge, scope, refine effective data science solutions to key business challenges. Main responsibl
e for the quality of data science solutions.   Challenge and coach data scientists within global as well as regional/local/functional data science tea
m as well as at external partners to push for optimal insights and optimized/tailored/high-impact data science solution.   Lead the global data scienc
e team (8-11 members).   Define and ensure implementation of data science standards for exploration, development, and deployment, which are also appli
cable to regional, local, functional data science teams within Abbott EPD as well as external data science partners.      Minimum Education:    Master
 or PhD in relevant field (e.g., applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, applied statistics)      Minimum Experience/Training Required:   
  At least 8-10 years of relevant working experience, ideally in pharma environment    Experience in leading a data science team, ideally on- and offs
hore · Solid experience working on full-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems (experience in the f
inancial/commercial or manufacturing / supply chain areas a plus).    Strong experience in e.g., data mining, statistical modelling, predictive modell
ing, and development of machine learning algorithms    Solid programming experience in Python with good knowledge of SQL    Experience in building pyt
hon-based web application    Proven problem-solving ability in international settings preferably with developing markets    Practical experience in wo
rking and leading teams working in cloud environment preferably AWS / Sagemaker a plus    Solid experience working and managing a team working on full
-life cycle data science; experience in applying data science methods to business problems   Practical experience managing a team deploying machine le
arning solutions   Good understanding of good software engineering principles and how to implement them in an organization   Good knowledge of testing
 frameworks and libraries and how to implement them in an organization   Proven communication skills, ability to lead diverse teams    Practical exper
ience in advanced data analysis techniques that include customer segmentation, propensity modelling, pricing & optimization techniques, and predictive
 modeling    Ability to work with and lead cross-functional teams and bring business and data science closer together - consultancy experience a plus 
   Fluency in English a must, additional languages a plus    Intrinsic motivation to guide people and make Advanced Analytics more accessible to a bro
ader range of stakeholders.      Employer of Choice:  Through numerous local, national and international accolades, Abbott is regarded as an employer 
of choice for our commitment to workplace excellence. Our employees are given the tools to succeed, lead and grow, with challenging opportunities and 
work that makes a difference. Through our diverse healthcare businesses, we connect people and potential in ways that no other company can. Discover a
 world of opportunities at Abbott.   Do you like the sound of this job and think you’ve got what it takes? Then send us your CV today. We look forward
 to receiving your application  as pdf .   (If you want to upload several documents, don`t save in between uploading them to be able to do so. Once yo
u save your uploads, you will not be able to add more documents)         The base pay for this position is  N/AIn specific locations, the pay range ma
y vary from the range posted.        JOB FAMILY: Project Management       DIVISION: EPD Established Pharma          LOCATION: Switzerland > Basel : H-
127 A2       ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS:         WORK SHIFT: Standard       TRAVEL: Not specified       MEDICAL SURVEILLANCE: Not Applicable       SIGNIFICA
NT WORK ACTIVITIES: Not Applicable KontaktAbbott(0)39 Jobshttps://www.abbott.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceSchaerer AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:PremierDATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) in Ecully, Rhône, FranceDATA SCIENTIST INNOVATION (F/H) Rejoignez notre centre mondial de l'innovation Gro
upe SEB :  Une équipe stratégie et planification qui dirige et pilote le portefeuille de domaines d'innovation Des Hubs d'innovation pluridisciplinair
es qui mènent des projets d'innovation de rupture au plus près des principaux marchés du Groupe SEB Des Centres d'Excellence qui soutiennent les équip
es de projet Innovation, Développement et Marketing dans leurs domaines d'expertise respectifs : insight consommateurs, propriété intellectuelle, élec
tronique et puissance, matériaux, sciences de l’alimentation, et ingénierie  Ce que nous allons accomplir ensemble : « Intégrez notre Centre mondial d
e l’innovation du Groupe SEB, pour contribuez à façonner les offres de produits et de services de demain. Par votre expérience et expertise , venez re
nforcer notre capacité à apporter des propositions ou solutions collectives, pour faciliter la vie de nos utilisateurs. Ensemble, créons un avenir pou
r leur quotidien », Serge Cubizolles, Responsable du Centre d’Excellence Technologique , n+1 du poste Contribuez à notre développement : Votre mission
 prend place au cœur des centres d’excellence du nouveau centre mondial de l’innovation du groupe Seb. Vous êtes intégré à une équipe experte et d’env
ergure mondiale, dédié aux questions mettant en jeux les Data et les Algorithmes. Au sein de cette équipe, votre rôle spécifique est de :  Assurer une
 veille technologique par des explorations d’écosystèmes d’applications référentes ou des benchmark ciblés et participer aux études de faisabilité et 
à la formalisation des liens entre les sources de Data Analyser les sources de données internes et externes requises pour mettre en œuvre nos futures 
services, comparer et préqualifier les algorithmes et les modèles de machine learning préalablement identifiés comme leviers d’innovation pour le grou
pe Identifier et Piloter la mise en place de démonstrateurs / solutions/ plateformes technologiques/ partenaires associés, pour la division innovation
 Prendre en compte l’expérience utilisateur dans la mise en œuvre des solutions et intégrer les pratiques de cybersécurité et d’éthique du groupe dans
 vos travaux Contribuer à l’intégration des solutions technologiques retenues en collaboration avec l’équipe projet  Vos responsabilités consistent à 
:  Etre garant de la qualité de la Data transmise et assurer les performances des algorithmes préqualifiés S’assurer que les bases de données utilisée
s ou utiles sont maintenues et entretenues Proposer des alternatives et questionner les choix des experts s’ils semblent non alignés avec les meilleur
s pratiques de l’univers data science Fournir un reporting clair sur les contributions  Apportez vos compétences :  Formation supérieure en informatiq
ue et/ou mathématique type école d’ingénieur, doctorat, ou équivalent, avec une spécialisation en Data Science ou statistiques/Data mining, vous avez 
une solide expérience d’au moins 3 ans dans le domaine du traitement de la Data et de l’algorithmie. Bases solides sur les modélisations et méthodes d
e machine learning (Modèles prédictifs supervisés, Moteur de recommandation, Modèles non supervisés, Segmentations, scoring…,Exploration statistique d
es données) ; et maîtrise du language Python (et/ou R) en environnement linux dans l’utilisation des librairies data science (Pandas, Scikit-Learn, sp
aCy, PyTorch, CRAN…) Une connaissance des environnements technologiques Cloud (aws, admin linux, docker, kubernetes, HTML, javascript) est un plus. Fo
rce de proposition, faisant preuve de curiosité et innovation, vous aimez le travail en équipe et savez partager vos connaissances. Passionné par les 
sujets Data, vous savez présenter vos résultats de façon rigoureuse et argumentée. La maitrise de l’anglais est obligatoire compte tenu du périmètre d
u poste.  Rencontrons-nous :  Premier échange avec le manager et les équipes recrutement, Rencontre ensuite avec le Directeur de l’Innovation du Group
e  Intégrez un Groupe Français International animé par :  Des valeurs : volonté d'entreprendre, passion pour l'innovation, professionnalisme, esprit d
e Groupe et respect de la personne avec des engagements citoyens et d'innovations durables concrets, Un accompagnement de ses collaborateurs : 1 poste
 sur 2 est pourvu en interne !, Des avantages pour tous : accords QVT dont 2 jours de télétravail par semaine, prime de vacances, participation/intére
ssement, 13è mois, CSE…  Découvrez-nous en vidéo ! Cliquez ici pour voir la vidéo sur le Campus SEB : CAMPUS SEB : siège mondial du Groupe SEB - YouTu
be LI-LV1KontaktSchaerer AG(10)47 Jobshttps://www.schaerer.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master’s thesis, Semester project or Internship AI Automation The IBM
 Research Laboratory is located just 40 minutes away from ETH Zurich. This creates a fantastic opportunity for highly motivated ETH Student to join ou
r unique research-corporate environment for a Master Thesis or a Semester Project. The AI Automation team is looking for students that are interested 
to work in topics such as:  Development of large computer vision Foundation Models for visual inspection Visual Prompt tuning and assisted annotation 
Generative AI for data augmentation using diffusion methods Adaptivity of instance segmentation models to different domains (e.g., different backgroun
ds, objects to detect, defect types) and environments (e.g., changing weather, time in the day). Improvement to state-of-the-art deep learning methods
, ranging from supervised methods, self-supervised approaches, as well as fully unsupervised methods. Implementation of multi-stage computer vision pi
pelines into a managed service, accounting for execution performance, robustness (e.g., accounting for corner cases), etc. Automated measurement, poin
t-cloud, 2D/3D navigation, as well as other topics!  A unique aspect of our projects is the opportunity to work on client data that are not available 
to the public and represent a big challenge even for the most successful state-of-the-art methods. As part of our team, you will collaborate with expe
rienced Research Scientists and AI Software Engineers that will lead and help you to successfully complete the challenges of the proposed task. You wi
ll also have access to HPC and Cloud infrastructure equipped with recent variants of GPUs and many other resources and tools to perform the work. The 
technology created in our team is powering IBM mainstream products, such as Maximo Visual Inspection and soon WatsonX. We have successfully inspected 
the 3rd longest suspension bridge in the world - the Storebaelt. By automating and improving inspection of civil infrastructure, we make such infrastr
uctures safer and at the same time we extend their lifetime expectation, thus reducing CO2 emissions caused by the use of concrete for major repairs, 
decommission of old structures, and construction of new ones. Minimum qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer vision or a rela
ted technical field, including equivalent practical experience Experience in software development with Python Proficient working in Unix/Linux environ
ments Team player, self-motivated with a passion for technology and innovation  Preferred qualifications  Experience in one or more of the following: 
REST APIs, machine learning, deep learning, algorithms and data structures, test automation, distributed computing, CI/CD Practical experience with Ma
chine Learning / Deep Learning frameworks such as PyTorch; 3+ years of proved programming experience in Python (or equivalent C/C++ experience); Indep
endent worker with the ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment  Diversity IBM is committ
ed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders
 to strike the desired balance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this exciting po
sition, please submit your most recent curriculum vitae. We encourage candidates to also share a 3-minute video, in which they introduce themselves, a
s well as highlight their motivation and expertise. The video is not mandatory.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Personalized Internet Assessor – Spain (Spanish Language)TELUS InternationalBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:BielPersonalized Internet Assessor – Spain (Spanish Language) Join Our Remote Team with Flexible Work Hours! Why US We help companies
 test and improve machine learning models via our global AI Community of 1 million+ annotators and linguists. Our proprietary AI training platform han
dles all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. Our AI Data Solutions vastly enhance AI systems across a 
range of applications from advanced smart products, to better search results, to expanded speech recognition, to more human-like bot interactions and 
so much more.Learn more at http://www.telusinternational.com  Job Description In this role, you'll assess online search results to enhance their quali
ty. You'll analyze and rate content relevance to search terms, while also reviewing language for grammar, tone, and cultural appropriateness. Your con
tribution improves a major search engine's quality by evaluating web content using your PC and smartphone. We're searching for individuals who are pas
sionate about social media and regular users of Gmail. This remote position requires ownership and daily use of a smartphone and familiarity with vari
ous social media platforms and Google products. Your reliability, adaptability, and adherence to guidelines are key. This role offers the freedom to w
ork remotely, allowing you to set your hours based on task availability. The estimated hourly earnings for this role are 9.5 EUR. Payment is based on 
completed tasks, with potential for higher earnings based on productivity.        Important notice: TELUS International will never request a monetary 
deposit for any role or project with the company, and our recruitment and sourcing teams only E-Mail schreiben E-Mail schreiben addresses when emailin
g candidates. If you are unsure as to whether a job offer is legitimate, please contact us at E-Mail schreiben for confirmation. KontaktTELUS Internat
ionalBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


TraineePaul Scherrer Institut (PSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:VilligenTrainee Optimizati
on of a Single-Electron Accelerator The Paul Scherrer Institute PSI is the largest research institute for natural and engineering sciences within Swit
zerland. We perform cutting-edge research in the fields of future technologies, energy and climate, health innovation and fundamentals of nature. By p
erforming fundamental and applied research, we work on sustainable solutions for major challenges facing society, science and economy. PSI is committe
d to the training of future generations. Therefore, about one quarter of our staff are post-docs, post-graduates or apprentices. Altogether, PSI emplo
ys 2200 people.   For the Large Research Facilities Division we are looking for a we are looking for a    Your tasks  You will optimize a model of a s
uperconducting radio-frequency accelerator for single electrons, with the goal of achieving the best possible temporal and spatial coherence. To this 
aim, you will use a code that allows to track the electron through the accelerating cavity and calculate the beam parameters. Since this tracking is t
ime-consuming, you will use surrogate modeling and optimization algorithms. You will work with a diverse team of scientists, engineers and technicians
 in the electron beam instrumentation group.  Your profile    You are a student of physics, engineering, or computer science, and you are at least in 
your penultimate year of undergraduate study (minimum 4 semesters)  You have strong programming skills in MATLAB, Python, or a similar high-level lang
uage  Ideally, you are familiar with computational frameworks and libraries relevant to optimization and machine learning  You have excellent analytic
al and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail  You have not yet completed your Master’s thesis    We offer  Our institution is bas
ed on an interdisciplinary, innovative and dynamic collaboration.   The contract will be limited to 3 months.  For further information, please contact
 Dr Rasmus Ischebeck, phone +41 56 310 55 35 or email E-Mail schreiben   Please submit your application online for the position as a Trainee (index no
. 8123-T1).  Paul Scherrer Institut, Human Resources Management, Ladina Goerre, 5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland      www.psi.ch  KontaktPaul Scherrer I
nstitut (PSI)(4)32 Jobshttps://www.psi.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Analytics Consultant (Zurich, Switzerland)D ONE Value Creation AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichData Analytics Consultant (Zurich, Switzerland) «Making sense of data is the winning competence in all industries.»   We build D ONE 
with the belief that every company will be a data company. Since our beginnings, we help our clients to make sense of their data and generate value. I
n this role you will advise our clients during the conception, planning and implementation of data analytics projects. You will work with the project 
team to provide our clients the high quality and reliability we are known for.  Your tasks will include:   Requirement analysis and solution design. D
ata modelling; architecture design; data extraction and transformation. Data visualisation and reporting. Implementation of machine learning models. P
resenting your results to middle and top management.   What you bring:   Domain knowledge in at least one industry. Down-to-earth and pragmatic result
s-oriented attitude while advising your clients. Experience in working with large data sets and databases. Knowledge in relevant technologies and prog
ramming languages (e.g. SQL, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Tableau, Microsoft BI). Excellent communication skills in German and English.   What we offer:   A
n uncomplicated and low noise environment that enables to focus on what matters most. An international team of talented people from diverse background
s that have ambitions, always enjoy an additional challenge, and know how to have fun at work. Further development opportunities through our D ONE Aca
demy including mentoring program, knowledge sharing sessions, expert and working groups, as well as tailor-made soft-skill and leadership training. Fr
equent offsite socialising events.   To be successful in this role you will need to:   Strive to understand your clients' needs. Deliver outstanding r
esults with high business value in a comprehensible form. Have the intellectual agility required to get the job done in an easy-to-do-business-with wa
y. Value clever and creative team play.   Are you interested in joining a great team with a proven track record and to work on projects that will cons
tantly challenge you?  We are happy to receive your application with reference:  D ONE Value Creation AGHans Peter GränicherSihlfeldstrasse 588003 Zür
ich BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Strategy Consultant (all genders)Swiss International Air Lines AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:NorderstedtAI Strategy Consultant (all genders)AI Strategy Consultant (all genders) Die LHIND als einer der führenden IT-Dienstleister erweitert
 die hohe technologische Expertise im Bereich AI & Data um Strategieberatung. Wir unterstützen Unternehmen bei der Nutzung von modernen AI-Technologie
n unter Einsatz unserer langjährigen Branchen- und Technologieexpertise. Dafür suchen wir erfahrene Berater:innen. Fakten     Standort Norderstedt, Ra
unheim     Einstiegslevel Direkteinstieg     Berufsfeld Consulting, IT     Arbeitszeit Vollzeit oder Teilzeit  Strategische Beratung von Geschäftsführ
ung, IT- und Fachbereichen zu AI- & Data-Themen, Prozess-Optimierungen und neuen AI- & Data-enabled Produkten, Services und Geschäftsmodellen Durchfüh
ren von Design Thinking Workshops im Bereich AI & Data inkl. Live-Demonstrationen neuer Technologien Beratung zur AI- und Datenstrategie (Daten und AI
-Modelle als Assets und Wettbewerbsvorteil, AI Operating Models, Technologien und AI-Infrastruktur) Marktrecherchen und Benchmarking Beratung und Konz
eption für die Entwicklung digitaler Produkte und Services Technologie- und Methodenscouting und -bewertung auf Basis aktuellster Forschungsliteratur 
und Konferenzen Projektleitung von AI-Strategie- und -umsetzungsprojekten sowie Begleitung von Changemanagement-Initiativen  Stefanie Lumpe Process Dr
iver Recruiting und Personalmarketing Lufthansa Industry Solutions AS GmbH Altersvorsorge / Betriebsrente, Flugvergünstigungen, Rabatte / Einkaufsmögl
ichkeiten, Mitarbeiter Events (Sommerfeste, Teilnahme an Sportwettkämpfen etc), Mobiles Arbeiten möglich, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Entwicklungsprogramm
e / Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten, Mentoring Wir sind Wegbereiter und Wegbegleiter auf dem Weg in eine digitale Zukunft. Mach Dich mit uns auf den Weg! 
 Abgeschlossene Ausbildung / abgeschlossenes Studium und einschlägige Berufserfahrung im Bereich IT Mehrjährige Berufserfahrung in den Themenbereichen
 AI & Data bzw. Machine Learning Sichtbare Expertise als AI Expert:in (wissenschaftliche Publikationen, Social-Media etc.) Mindestens zwei Jahre Erfah
rung im Bereich „Applied AI“ (in Industrie und/oder Wissenschaft), nachgewiesene Erfahrungen im Cloud-Umfeld Erste Projekterfahrungen im Bereich Strat
egieentwicklung Ausgeprägte Beratungskompetenzen, Flexibilität sowie Kommunikationsfähigkeiten auf allen Ebenen Fließende Deutsch- und Englischkenntni
sse Bereitschaft zu projektbezogenen Reisetätigkeiten  Lufthansa Industry Solutions ist ein Dienstleistungsunternehmen für IT-Beratung und Systeminteg
ration. Die Lufthansa-Tochter unterstützt ihre Kunden bei der digitalen Transformation ihrer Unternehmen. Die Kundenbasis umfasst sowohl Gesellschafte
n innerhalb des Lufthansa Konzerns als auch mehr als 300 Unternehmen in unterschiedlichen Branchen. Das Unternehmen mit Hauptsitz in Norderstedt besch
äftigt über 2.500 Mitarbeiter an mehreren Niederlassungen in Deutschland, Albanien, der Schweiz und den USA.www.lufthansa-industry-solutions.com Teile
n über Ihren Social Media Account Klicken Sie auf eines der Icons: Zum Kopieren des Links klicken Sie auf folgendes Icon:KontaktSwiss International Ai
r LInes AG(0)41 Jobshttps://www.swiss.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:ZürichERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatryIn the context of a new ERC Synergy project (DELTA-LANG), our lab is interested in n
ovel ways of phenotyping psychotic disorders, including quantitative analysis of language with large language models, combined with multimodal neuroim
aging (model-based fMRI, neuromelanin imaging and others). The goal is to design and implement novel paradigms (e.g. combined fMRI and speech producti
on) and use methods such as machine learning, multilevel analyses and computational modeling to decompose behavioral performance into interpretable as
pects of cognitive and perceptual processing.  ERC-funded PhD position in computational psychiatry    Your responsibilities The successful candidates 
will have the chance to work in an exciting and timely international project, together with a motivated and diverse team in Zurich and with investigat
ors over three international sites. In addition, the candidate will have the opportunity to conduct analyses of behavioral and imaging data, dissemina
te study results in peer-reviewed journals, and supervise undergraduate students. The candidate will take part in ongoing projects and initiate new re
search within the team of Prof. Philipp Homan, who is also a Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) group leader.   Your profile   Master's degree in a rele
vant field including computational linguistics, cognitive neuroscience, electrical engineering, biomedical engineering, computer science Excellent sel
f-management skills Experience with neuroimaging (experimental design and analysis) and computational linguistics Experience with data management and 
programming (Python, R, Matlab, Stan etc.) Commitment to Open Science and computational reproducibility Excellent verbal and written English skills   
  What we offer   To work in a diverse team of highly motivated young researchers who are passionate about computational linguistics, clinical psychia
try, cognitive neuroscience and date science To be part of a diverse and multinational ERC Synergy project that aims to apply cutting edge technology 
to a clinically relevant question A competitive salary and generous social benefits Generous support for professional travel and research needs An ins
piring work environment within the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Zurich and part of the Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) The opportuni
ty to live in Zurich, one of the world's most attractive cities  Please visit UZH for staff for further information.   Further information  E-Mail sch
reiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Funded PhD student in Applied Cryptography & Privacy-preserving authentication (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 
2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenFunded PhD student in Applied Cryptography & Privacy-preserving authentication (m/f/d)The res
earch group for Cyber Security, https://cybersecurity.unisg.ch/, is a part of the Institute of Computer Science (ICS) at the University of St. Gallen.
 The group was established in autumn semester 2020 and is led by Prof. Dr. Katerina Mitrokotsa. Our research interests are centered around information
 security and applied cryptography, with the larger goal of safeguarding communications and providing strong privacy guarantees. We are currently acti
ve in multiple areas including the design of provably secure cryptographic protocols and cryptographic primitives that can be employed for reliable au
thentication, outsourcing computations in cloud-assisted settings, network security problems as well as secure and privacy-preserving machine learning
. As a doctoral student you will be a part of the Doctoral School of Computer Science (DCS), https://dcs.unisg.ch.  Funded PhD student in Applied Cryp
tography & Privacy-preserving authentication (m/f/d)    Your tasks We are looking for a bright and motivated PhD student to work in the topics of info
rmation security and cryptography. The student is expected to work on topics that include security and privacy issues in authentication. More precisel
y, the student will be working on investigating efficient and privacy-preserving authentication that provides: i) provable security, and ii) rigorous 
privacy guarantees. Key Responsibilities: Perform exciting and challenging research in the domain of information security and cryptography. Support an
d assist in teaching computer security and cryptography courses.     Your profile   The PhD student is expected to have a MSc degree or equivalent, an
d strong background in cryptography, network security and mathematics; Experience in one or more domains such as cryptography, design of protocols, se
cure multi-party computation and differential privacy is beneficial; Excellent programming skills; Excellent written and verbal communication skills i
n English   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of
 St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides
 an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshtt
ps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-temporal genome and oncogene organization in cancerUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merk
enVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-tempo
ral genome and oncogene organization in cancerThe Surdez lab at the University of Zurich is seeking a highly motivated Postdoctoral Researcher with ex
pertise in image analysis and bioinformatics. This position offers an exciting opportunity to visualize and decipher the spatio-temporal organization 
of the genome and oncogenes in cancer. Join our dynamic team, which focuses on aggressive pediatric bone cancers, particularly on Ewing sarcoma. In a 
recent study, we demonstrated how the STAG2 mutation, prevalent in this cancer, alters the formation of chromatin loops, resulting in increased invasi
ve properties of mutated cells (Surdez et al. 2021, Cancer Cell). Currently, we are leveraging super-resolution microscopy and innovative molecular te
chnologies to decipher and perturb these mechanisms in live cancer cell models.  Postdoctoral Researcher – image analysis/bioinformatics - Spatio-temp
oral genome and oncogene organization in cancer  As a Postdoctoral Researcher, you will be responsible for analyzing confocal and super-resolution mic
roscopy data related to spatio-temporal genome and oncogene regulation. The role also involves comparing Hi-ChIP data with imaging data and developing
 computational tools to analyze and visualize chromatin conformation and oncogene regulation. Working closely with biologists, you will utilize cuttin
g-edge computational approaches to model and decipher these mechanisms at the real-time scale.     PhD or advanced experience in Bioinformatics, Compu
ter Science, or a related discipline. Strong expertise in microscopy imaging analysis and bioinformatics, including experience in handling and analyzi
ng high-dimensional data and various types of imaging data. Strong programming skills in R, MATLAB, or Python and experience with machine learning mod
els. Solid understanding of the latest trends and methods in bioinformatics, super-resolution and confocal microscopy imaging. Excellent communication
, interpersonal and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work collaboratively in a multidisciplinary team, demonstrating motivation and organiz
ational skills. Excellent communication skills in both spoken and written English. Experience in scientific writing and publishing papers in peer-revi
ewed scientific journals. Knowledge in cancer biology and/or 3D genome organization is a plus. Hands-on experience with the analysis and interpretatio
n of multiomics data is a plus.   Join us in unraveling this novel aspect of cancer biology and making a meaningful impact in the field. This is an 80
-100 % Postdoctoral Researcher position funded for an initial term of 2 years with a competitive salary/benefits and possibility of renewal.   E-Mail 
schreiben  KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior C++ Engineer (Optimization)Scandit AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 August 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior C+
+ Engineer (Optimization)Scandit is a high-growth tech scaleup from Switzerland with offices in Zurich, Boston, Warsaw, London, Singapore, Tokyo, and 
Tampere. Our market-leading smart data capture technology enables businesses to use any standard mobile phone to extract data from barcodes, ID docume
nts, text, and objects.  The barcode decoding team at Scandit builds cutting edge computer vision solutions. Our mission is to replace every hardware 
scanner in the world with a Scandit powered mobile app. In addition we provide computer vision components for all Scandit products including augmented
 reality and shelf monitoring.  About the Role  As a Senior C++ Engineer in the barcode decoding team, you will work together with computer vision and
 machine learning engineers on our Data Capture SDK product, a software library for mobile phones. You are responsible for good software architecture,
 data structures and tooling. You optimize our real-time on-device algorithms so that they scale on different hardware platforms and work for differen
t use-cases.  What You Will Do Optimize and extend our in-house computer vision library and deep learning inference engine Enhance the scheduling of c
omputer vision tasks on heterogeneous architectures (CPU/GPU/TPU) for different use-cases Improve the accuracy and capabilities of our on-device perfo
rmance profiling system Design and refine APIs and the architecture of our SDK components Support CV/ML engineers with C++ code review and integration
 Lead projects on a technical level Our Tech Stack Computer vision algorithms: C++17, CMake Machine learning training and tooling: Python, Pytorch Acc
eleration: SIMD, Vulkan, CoreML Who You Are  You have a passion for efficient and well maintainable code. You are excited about the latest development
s in C++ and like to advocate for them. In your past career you have worked on large C++ projects and deployed them to production successfully. Ideall
y, you have: A MSc in computer science or a related field You have 5+ years of experience writing modern cross-platform C++ code You have optimized al
gorithms using multi-threading and SIMD You believe in automated testing for producing high-quality code Ideally you are familiar with the ARM archite
cture (incl. NEON) Ideally you have worked on GPGPU implementations in OpenGL(ES), Vulkan or Metal Experience in mobile development, computer vision o
r machine learning is a plus Experience in Python programming is a plus You are thorough and pay attention to details What We Offer  Here are just som
e of the reasons why people choose to build their career at Scandit: A highly skilled team and a fun environment where you can put your enthusiasm for
 cutting-edge technologies to use Excellent office infrastructure, optimized for hybrid working in Zurich, Warsaw, Tampere, and London. Excellent supp
ort for remote work across the UK, France, Italy, Spain, and Germany Innovation hackathons People-first culture Global team outings Festive/end of yea
r all company celebrations Extra vacation day off on your birthday An attractive individual equity plan in a high growth company Do good and give back
 with two impact days where you are able to give time to one of our trusted nonprofit partners Specific benefits related to the location you are joini
ng Who We Are  Could your code give superpowers? Whether enabling delivery drivers to make quicker deliveries, matching a patient with their medicatio
n or allowing retailers to make store operations more efficient, our technology automates workflows and provides actionable insights to help businesse
s in a variety of industries. This means we have no shortage of technical challenges for engineers like you. Join us, as we continue to expand, grow a
nd innovate, and help take Scandit to the next level.  “Everybody is welcome here” - Is a celebrated component of our DNA.   At Scandit we strive to c
reate an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experie
nces and are proud to be a safe space for all.   All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, 
nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability or length of time spent unemployed. KontaktScandit AGBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensu
m:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenPhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Please apply with a CV, t
ranscript of records, a writing sample (e.g., your master thesis or a term paper) and a cover letter in which you clearly describe which of the topic 
areas you are interested in (if more than one, please state your order of preference). In addition, you may add reference letters and GRE, GMAT or TOE
FL scores if you have any of these. For more information, please contact Prof. Dr. Matthias Weber (E-Mail schreiben). Please apply as soon as possible
. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.  PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)    Your tasks You w
ill be enrolled in a PhD program of the Graduate Program in Economics and Finance (possible specializations are economics, econometrics and finance) u
nder the doctoral supervision ofProf. Dr. Matthias Weber. You will conduct rigorous research in one of the following topic areas:1.       Machine lear
ning in taxation2.       Understanding preferences on taxation3.       Decision theory and behavioral finance Most of your time will be spent on condu
cting academic research. To a lesser extent, you will assist in teaching activities and engage in outreach activities to make a bridge from academic r
esearch to applications.   Your profile   Master's degree in a relevant field (e.g., economics, econometrics finance or computer science), to be compl
eted by summer 2024 Strong interest in (at least) one of the mentioned research areas Strong interest in conducting academic research Strong interest 
in the application of machine learning methods to real-world data and in the refinement of such methods [topic area 1], in conducting surveys and expe
riments and/or in empirical work [topic area 2] or in theoretical modeling in economics and finance and/or in running experiments [topic area 3]   "A 
place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG
), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive 
and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


EntwicklerAll4EducationBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 August 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichEntwickler© All4Education Bild
ung 4.0 All4Education ist das Kompetenzzentrum in der Digitalisierung von Bildungsunternehmungen undSchulen. Wir beschäftigen uns mit neuen Trends wie
 Machine Learning/AI, ChatBots, Blockchain undentwickeln selber Markt-fähige Software. Und wir suchen eine Persönlichkeit wie dich...Wenn du denkst, w
ir sind ein wenig verrückt? Wir hoffen, du bist es auch. Entwickler/in 100%  So gestaltest du deine Arbeit als Entwi  ckler  /in... du bist wesentlich
 mitverantwortlich für die Umsetzung unserer Forschungsschwerpunkte«KI, Chat-Bots», resp. «Blockchain» du entwickelst sowohl Software, als auch weiter
e Ideen für den praktischen Einsatz du bist offen und bereit für eine Zusammenarbeit mit lokalen Teams in der Schweiz und imAusland du kommunizierst s
chriftlich und mündlich auch in Englisch du unterstützt uns beim Aufbau der Firma All4Education Dein Profi  lals Entwickler/in... du hast einen Hochsc
hulabschluss in Informatik, Mathematik, Physik oder eine vergleich-bare Qualifikation; oder eigene, vorzeigbare Umsetzungen mit Machine Learning oderB
lockchains du bist ein Full-Stack-Entwickler, insbesondere mit JavaScript/Node du hast hohes Verantwortungsbewusstsein, Teamfähigkeit, und es interess
iert dich, wie dieKunden mit deinen Produkten arbeiten du hast Berufs- und Projekterfahrung in der Umsetzung von IT-Projekten du bist dir Flexibilität
 und lösungsorientierte Arbeitsweise gewohnt All4Education bietet dir... ein abwechslungsreiches Aufgabengebiet mit hoher Eigenverantwortung die Zusam
menarbeit mit Personen, die nicht nur arbeiten wollen, sondern mit Bildung inder Gesellschaft etwas bewegen möchten flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle mit de
m Focus auf zeitgerecht erledigte Tasks top Arbeitsplatz an der Europaallee in Zürich eine Bezahlung, gut passend zu deiner persönlichen Qualifikation
 und Erfahrung Ergänzende Auskünfte gibt dir jeder der Gründer: Herr Ufuk Yildiz Co-Founder – E-Mail schreiben Herr Alois Kraehenmann Co-Founder – E-M
ail schreiben Wir freuen uns auf dich und die spannende Zeit...Europaallee 41,CH-8021 ZürichE-Mail schreiben | all4education.ch BewerbenJob merkenDies
en Job melden


Postdoctoral research position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemiaUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vert
rag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral research position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemiaLocated in the Campus Lengg of the Universi
ty of Zurich, and soon in the newly built research tower of the Kinderspital, we apply and develop state-of-the-art technologies including single cell
 analytics, CRISPR-based genome editing, machine learning algorithms, high content data analysis and ex-vivo / in vivo PDX models. We are embedded in 
a strong precision oncology network at UZH with strong ties with the ETH Zurich and are centrally involved in international clinical trials for childh
ood leukemia providing a relevant context to our research program.The employment is limited to 2 years with the option of extension.  Postdoctoral res
earch position, immunogenic cell death in acute leukemia    Your responsibilities   You explore the cell biology of various cell death pathways (apopt
osis, pyroptosis, necroptosis, ferroptosis) and their potential to eradicate resistant disease in the context of acute leukemia of childhood. You diss
ect the relationship between intrinsic and extrinsic signaling programs using a representative xenograft bank of primary leukemia. You Investigate the
 immunogenic aspect of programmed cell death instances. You work in an agile and collaborative lab environment and contribute to scientific discovery.
 You will apply state-of-the-art laboratory methodologies. You are receptive for encouragement and support for innovative and actionable ideas. You ha
ve the opportunity to work in a multidisciplinary environment with molecular and cellular biologists, clinicians, computer scientists, and internation
al collaborators.     Your profile   You have a strong appetite for scientific discovery and a strong interest in disease modeling, cell death researc
h, and biomedical computing. You have a strong experimental track record. You are motivated to work together with a focused task force and to guide ma
ster and PhD students. You hold an MD-PhD or PhD in biological or biomedical sciences or equivalent. You have strong analytical and problem-solving sk
ills and are comfortable with planning, prioritizing, conducting, analyzing and communicating research in a variety of contexts. You communicate activ
ely with collaborators, colleagues and team members with proficiency in English.     What we offer We offer varied and interesting work in an inspirin
g and socially relevant environment.Diversity and inclusion are important to us.   Further information PD Dr. Beat Bornhauser, Head of research Dept. 
of Pediatric OncologyApplication KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant and PhD Student in “Marketing Analytics/ Quantitative Marketing" - Vacancies - University of LucerneUniversität LuzernBewerbenJob m
erkenVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuzernResearch Assistant and PhD Student in “Marketing Analytics/ Quantit
ative Marketing" - Vacancies - University of LucerneOffene Stellen The Faculty of Economics and Management opened its doors in the autumn semester of 
2016. Exceptional supervision of students, interactive forms of teaching, close links between academia and practice, a focus on current issues in poli
tical economics, management and data sciences, and a young, motivated team all give this faculty a unique profile. Research Assistant and PhD Student 
in “Marketing Analytics/Quantitative Marketing" Are you interested in marketing, digitalization, social media and scientific work? Do you want to rese
arch cutting-edge topics at the intersection of marketing theory and practice and generate new knowledge? Are you excited about the insights that firm
s can get from analysing structured and unstructured data? Then we are your perfect fit! We are a young and highly motivated team (chair: Prof. Dr. Le
if Brandes) with a main research focus on quantitative marketing. We undertake a variety of ambitious research projects in cooperation with top intern
ational universities (e.g., John Hopkins University or Oxford University). Responsibilities  You will be part of a recently funded scientific project 
from the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) in the field of consumer online reviews. Your key task is to conduct empirical research related to t
he field of this project. Other tasks include general scientific and administrative activities related to your position at the University of Lucerne. 
 Requirements  An above-average degree in machine learning, or data science. Excellent data analysis skills (deep learning, in particular text and ima
ge classification skills) Strong interest and passion for scientific questions related to marketing and marketing analytics. A high level of personal 
initiative and goal orientation Excellent command of written and spoken English (speaking German is a plus, but not a strong requirement) A strong att
ention to detail and high-quality focus  What we offer  A dissertation in marketing/ management and economics (title: Dr. oec.) Scientific work in coo
peration with international research partners A cooperative working atmosphere in a small, but highly motivated research team Continued education in q
uantitative methodology (e.g., at the St. Gallen Summer School, GSERM) Position funding and salary according to the regulations of the Swiss National 
Science Foundation (SNSF). KontaktUniversität Luzern(7)9 Jobshttps://www.unilu.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantitative Consultant in Risk Management - Financial Services EMEIA FSO, ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:
100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:8005 ZurichQuantitative Consultant in Risk Management - Financial Services EMEIA FSO, Zurich       What if your c
areer could have a lasting impact on you, and on the world?    Here at EY, you’ll have the chance to build a truly exceptional experience. We’ll empow
er you with the latest technology, surround you with high-performing teams, and provide the global scale and diverse and inclusive culture you need to
 discover your full potential. Through our coaching and training programs, you’ll develop the skillsets you need to stay relevant today and in the fut
ure – all while building a network of colleagues, mentors, and leaders who will be on the journey with you at EY and beyond.     The exceptional EY ex
perience. It's yours to build.     The opportunity: your next adventure awaits     OurConsultingbusiness offers a broad range of functional and cross-
country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Fin
ancial Services industry.     What we look for    You have an agile, growth-oriented mindset. What you know matters. But the right mindset is just as 
important in determining success. We’re looking for people who are innovative, can work in an agile way and keep pace with a rapidly changing world.  
  You are curious and purpose driven. We’re looking for people who see opportunities instead of challenges, who ask better questions to seek better an
swers that build a better working world.   You are inclusive. We’re looking for people who seek out and embrace diverse perspectives, who value differ
ences, and team inclusively to build safety and trust.      Qualifications:     A Master of Science or PhD in a quantitative field (mathematics, physi
cs, statistics, financial or computational engineering, econometrics) A strong interest in financial risk management and/or applying advanced analytic
al methods like machine learning in the financial risk management world Good knowledge of programming or DB languages like VBA, Matlab, Python SQL, R 
and C # (or other) allowing you to analyze data, implement quantitative algorithms and develop solutions Good knowledge of a development environment a
nd experience implementing predictive models and machine learning is a plus Fluent in German and English Excellent interpersonal and communication ski
lls and the ability to demonstrate initiative and a flexible working style within a multi-national team     What’s in it for you     International mul
ti-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, mentoring, coun
selling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recogniti
on and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, comp
letely free*     What you can expect     Consulting engagements where you will support our clients (financial institutions ranging from leading global
 market players to more regional focused institutions) in financial risk management related challenges ranging from the review or development of firm 
wide quantitative models for measuring various risks like market risk, credit risk, operational and fraud related risks to the valuation of complex de
rivatives incl. applying advanced analytics Support audit mandates where you will support our audit teams in the areas of the valuation of financial p
roducts and contracts / physical assets and validation of all kind of risk related models Developing your technical and social skills in particular th
rough internal and external training opportunities incl. obtaining professional degrees like GARP ERP or FRM    If you can demonstrate that you meet t
he criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact
 our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com/ +41 58 286 33 66).    EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better worki
ng world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology,
 diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, cons
ulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktE
Y (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Two ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:ZürichTwo ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatryIn the context of a new ERC Synergy project (DELTA-LANG), our lab 
is interested in novel ways of phenotyping psychotic disorders, including quantitative analysis of language with large language models, combined with 
multimodal neuroimaging (model-based fMRI, neuromelanin imaging and others). The goal is to design and implement novel paradigms (e.g. combined fMRI a
nd speech production) and use methods such as machine learning, multilevel analyses and computational modeling to decompose behavioral performance int
o interpretable aspects of cognitive and perceptual processing.  Two ERC-funded postdoc positions in computational psychiatry    Your responsibilities
 The successful candidates will have the chance to take a leading role in an exciting and timely international project, working together with a motiva
ted and diverse team in Zurich and with investigators over three international sites. In addition, the candidate will have the opportunity to conduct 
analyses of behavioral and imaging data, disseminate study results in peer-reviewed journals, and supervise graduate and undergraduate students. The c
andidate will take part in ongoing projects and initiate new research within the team of Prof. Philipp Homan, who is also a Neuroscience Center Zurich
 (ZNZ) group leader.   Your profile   PhD degree in a relevant field including computational linguistics, cognitive neuroscience, electrical engineeri
ng, biomedical engineering, computer science Track record of strong first author publications and preprints Track record of successful mentorship of u
ndergraduate or graduate students Excellent self-management skills Excellent skills in neuroimaging (experimental design and analysis) and computation
al linguistics Excellent data management and programming skills (Python, R, Matlab, Stan etc.) Commitment to Open Science and computational reproducib
ility Excellent verbal and written English skills     What we offer   To work in a diverse team of highly motivated young researchers who are passiona
te about computational linguistics, clinical psychiatry, cognitive neuroscience and date science To be part of a diverse and multinational ERC Synergy
 project that aims to apply cutting edge technology to a clinically relevant question A competitive salary and generous social benefits (salary 100'00
0 - 110'000 USD/year) Generous support for professional travel and research needs An inspiring work environment within the Department of Psychiatry at
 the University of Zurich and part of the Neuroscience Center Zurich (ZNZ) The opportunity to live in Zurich, one of the world's most attractive citie
s  Please visit UZH for staff for further information.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascomp
te.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


POSTDOC FELLOW in Cryptography & Information Security (m/f/d) (m/w/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenPOSTDOC FELLOW in Cryptography & Information Security (m/f/d) (m/w/d)The Chair of Cyber Security, is a part of
 the Institute of Computer Science (ICS) at the University of St. Gallen. The chair was established in autumn semester 2020 and is led by Prof. Dr. Ka
terina Mitrokotsa. Our research interests are centered around information security and applied cryptography, with the larger goal of safeguarding comm
unications and providing strong privacy guarantees. We are currently active in multiple areas including the design of provably secure cryptographic pr
otocols and cryptographic primitives that can be employed for reliable authentication, outsourcing computations in cloud-assisted settings, network se
curity problems as well as secure and privacy-preserving machine learning.  POSTDOC FELLOW in Cryptography & Information Security (m/f/d) (m/w/d)    Y
our tasks We are looking for an excellent, motivated, post-doctoral researcher to work in the area of information security and cryptography. The post-
doctoral researcher will join Katerina Mitrokotsa's research group (Chair of Cyber Security), working in the area of information and communication sec
urity with a focus on authentication protocols, verifiable delegation of computation, and secure multi-party computation. The position is available fo
r one plus one year after a successful review evaluation. Key Responsibilities:  The post-doctoral fellow is expected to perform exciting and challeng
ing research in the area of information security and cryptography including the design of provably secure cryptographic protocols. The post-doctoral f
ellow shall be involved in the supervision of PhD and master students.     Your profile   The post-doctoral researcher is expected to have a PhD degre
e in Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics and a strong background in theoretical computer science and cryptography. Have an excellent publicat
ion record in top venues. Competitive research record in cryptography or information security Strong mathematical and algorithmic CS background Good s
kills in programming is beneficial Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Eur
ope's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of 
over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 res
earchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Scientist in System Reliability 100% (f/m/d)Hitachi Energy AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:A
argauScientist in System Reliability 100% (f/m/d) Empower the Future with Hitachi Energy: Join us as a Scientist in System Reliability. We are looking
 for a passionate and proficient scientist to join us in reliability research for power grid assets and systems. As part of our dynamic, motivated, an
d creative team, you’ll bridge theory and application, developing, testing, and validating novel methods and technologies to facilitate the energy tra
nsition.     Your Responsibilities      You make a difference:  Analyse reliability, availability, maintainability and safety by state-of-the-art prob
abilistic methods, identify critical aspects by risk assessment and field data analysis, define and establish verifications based on reliability testi
ng, and develop solutions for prognostics & health management.     You innovate:  Bring together a solid background in reliability engineering methods
, mathematical modeling, asset performance management, and physics-of-failure understanding to improve quality and reliability on system level for mis
sion-critical power grid equipment.     You take initiative:  Collaborate with a global team of researchers and engineers in Hitachi Energy Research a
nd Hitachi Energy business units to identify and solve real-world problems and realize opportunities for further improvements.     You connect:  Build
 relationships within the company and actively share your knowledge and expertise. Interact with local and global external partners including universi
ties, start-ups, and vendors.     You communicate:  Disseminate your results in scientific publications, patent applications, and technical reports.  
    Your Requirements    PhD or comparable qualification/experience in physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a related field.   
Profound experience with reliability engineering methods in different domains (e.g. mechanical, electronics), and in one or preferably several of the 
following areas: data analytics and modeling, accelerated stress testing, data acquisition and signal processing, stochastic simulation, statistics, a
nd machine learning.   Industry or post-doc experience (in energy technology or other industries like automotive, rail, aerospace, telecommunication) 
in developing and implementing product reliability improvements is a plus.   Experience working with power electronics systems or high-voltage compone
nts is beneficial.   Fluency in English, both written and spoken.     At Hitachi Energy, we believe in the power of diversity and the potential of eve
ry person. We are committed creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive. We invite you to apply and join us in shaping a sustainable f
uture. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Digital Investigations in ForensicsErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeits
ort:8005 ZurichConsultant - Digital Investigations in ForensicsAt EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global s
cale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY 
become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.      The opportunity    The rap
idly growingForensic Technology & eDiscoverydepartment is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opportunity to help us develop
 and integrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary group of professionals wh
o are operating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe We apply our technical knowhow in large
 international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelerate the fact-finding proces
s with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic knowhow for a technical fac
t-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation engines, social network a
nalysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.     Your key responsibilities       Working in engagemen
t teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collaborating with clients, fraud
 investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations Innovating and de
veloping new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager
 on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    To qualify for theroleyou m
ust have   Degree (Bachelor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and interest in eDiscovery and digital investigation as well as consultin
g   Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Ass
ertive and proactive approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively wi
thin large organizations and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required – any additional language is 
a plus     Ideally, you’ll also have   Solid SQL skills or the interest to build them up quickly Interested in topics like machine learning, unstructu
red data, NLP and other related topics.      What we offer    International multi-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal d
evelopment with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipmen
t, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent performance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY 
Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whilst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above
, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact our recruitment 
team (E-Mail schreiben/ +41 58 286 33 66).   The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.
     EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and soci
ety and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance 
and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questio
ns to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


(Junior) ProjektleiterIn Data & Digitalisierung – Grid (f/m/d)Axpo GruppeBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:Baden(Junior) ProjektleiterIn Data & Digitalisierung – Grid (f/m/d) Pensum 80-100%   Wir suchen eine engagierte und dynamische Projektlei
terIn, die gemeinsam mit uns die digitale Transformation in der Energiebranche vorantreibt. In dieser spannenden Position hast du die Möglichkeit, dei
ne eigenen Ideen einzubringen, spannende Projekte für uns und unsere Kunden zu leiten und massgeblich zum Erfolg des Unternehmens beizutragen. Werde T
eil des Strategischen Asset Managements und arbeite agil und nutzerzentriert in einem interdisziplinären Team. Deine Aufgaben & Verantwortlichkeiten D
u leitest und unterstützt Data Analytics- und Digitalisierungsprojekte für unser Hochspannungsnetz. Du identifizierst, spezifizierst Use Cases für Dat
a Analytics und setzt diese zusammen mit Softwareentwicklern um. Du unterstützt den Bereich Asset Analyse mit datenbasierten Methoden, um den Zustand 
und die Wichtigkeit unserer Anlagen zu bewerten. Du arbeitest mit internen Teams und externen Partnern zusammen, um innovative Lösungen zu entwickeln 
und umzusetzen. Du unterstützt bei der Implementierung der Digitalisierungsstrategie der Division Du identifizierst Trends und neue Technologien im En
ergiesektor, insbesondere mit Fokus auf Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Visualisierung, Large Language Models und Generative AI. Dein Profil & Anfor
derungen Abgeschlossenes Studium im Bereich der Ingenieurwissenschaften oder in Physik oder eine vergleichbare Qualifikation. Ein Elektrotechnikstudiu
m ist von Vorteil. Erfahrung mit Data Analytics, statistischer Datenanalyse oder Modellierung sowie gute Programmierkenntnisse (z.B. Python, PowerBI, 
Databricks, Azure). Erfahrung in der Leitung von Projekten, idealerweise im Bereich Digitalisierung. Erfahrung im physischen Anlagenmanagement oder in
 der Planung von Stromnetzen von Vorteil. Erfahrung mit IoT, Microservices, Proxyservern, System Architekturen und Visualisierung von Live-Daten sind 
ein weiteres Plus. Kenntnisse im Energiebereich und Interesse an neuen technologischen Entwicklungen. Ausgeprägte analytische Fähigkeiten und Probleml
ösungskompetenzen. Starkes organisatorisches Geschick und die Fähigkeit, mehrere Projekte gleichzeitig zu führen. Exzellente Kommunikationsfähigkeiten
 und Teamorientierung. Gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Über das Team  Die Verantwortung für Digitalisierung & Innovation und 
die Asset Analyse der Division Netze liegt im Strategischen Asset Management der Division Distribution (Netze). Du wirst im Rahmen unserer Zusammenarb
eit in der Abteilung auch Berührungspunkte mit der technischen und finanziellen Netzplanung haben. Wir arbeiten und denken interdisziplinär und bieten
 dir eine herausfordernde und vielseitige Tätigkeit in einem dynamischen Umfeld. Wenn du an der Spitze des digitalen Wandels in der Energiebranche ste
hen möchtest, deine eigenen Ideen einbringen willst und es liebst, innovative Projekte umzusetzen, dann freuen wir uns auf deine Bewerbung. BewerbenJo
b merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant AI and digital law, compliance and IT security (w/m/d)Swiss Life AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:ZürichPraktikant AI and digital law, compliance and IT security (w/m/d)Praktikant AI and digital law, compliance and IT security (w/
m/d)    Das bieten wir   Collaborate with the Service Development and Product Management team to define, design, and implement end-to-end business and
 technical requirements in alignment with our compliance processes for our products and services. Monitor and evaluate the performance of AI-services 
with regard to compliance requirements, including digital ethics and data protection aspects Identify and assess risks associated with AI applications
 in the compliance context, taking into account requirements regarding information security and data protection Work closely with other departments to
 promote and implement best practices regarding AI compliance, particularly in the area of data governance Assist in process, task and project managem
ent Contribute to product documentation, training materials, and knowledge sharing within the team, department, and company.     Deine Stärken   Compl
eted Bachelor's degree with outstanding grades Proficiency in MS Office (PPT, Excel, Word) Exceptional problem-solving skills and ability to work effe
ctively in a collaborative team environment Outstanding analytical skills, capability for critical-thinking and the ability to learn fast and process 
complex information Basic understanding of machine learning and generative artificial intelligence and its implications regarding risk, security and l
egal aspects Previous internship experience in industry within a related field or in consulting Experience in a project leadership role (academic, pro
fessional, or extracurricular) Ideally experience in the field of compliance, data Governance or information security Ideally Experience in a corporat
ion working with senior management Technical affinity, ideally coding experience Fluent English and German communication skills, both written and verb
al   Anstellungsbedingungen und Vergütung  Marktorientiertes Ausbildungssalär Zwischen 25 und 27 Ferientage Überdurchschnittliche Leistungen bei Unfal
l und Krankheit  Flexibilität Flexible Arbeitszeit Mobile Office  Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten Individuelle Besprechungen und Begleitung Internes Weiterb
ildungsangebot Elektronische Lernplattform  Vorsorge und Sozialleistungen Vergünstigungen Vorzugskonditionen bei verschiedenen Partnerunternehmen Bis 
zu 35% Vergünstigung für öffentliche Verkehrsmittel Essenspauschale Reka-Checks  Familie Gesundheit Veranstaltungen und Kurse Gesundes und ausgewogene
s Ernährungsangebot im betriebseigenen Restaurant Physiotherapie und Massageangebot Betrieblich unterstütztes Sportangebot Inhouse-Beratung für physis
che und psychische Gesundheit bei Bedarf     Dein Kontakt Linda Fackelmayer   Über Swiss Life Wir beraten und begleiten Menschen in allen Lebenslagen:
 bei der Vorsorge sowie bei der Vorbereitung ihrer finanziellen Zukunft unterstützen wir sie, ein selbstbestimmtes Leben zu führen.KontaktSwiss Life A
G(13)171 Jobshttps://www.swisslife.ch/de/ueber-uns/karriere.htmlBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%)ABB Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 Oktober 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:
Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:Baden-Dattwil, AargauInternship / MSc Thesis in Industrial Software Systems (80-100%) Take your next career step a
t ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive, sustainable future. At ABB, we ha
ve the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and generations. Together, we are emb
arking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual differences. ABB Research, in cl
ose collaboration with our business lines, is developing the foundations for the next generation of ABB products. In Switzerland, ABB Research is loca
ted in the proximity of Zurich and employs an international multidisciplinary team of scientists. Our Industrial Software Systems team performs resear
ch in a wide range of topics, including machine-learning applications, cyber-security, real-time and embedded systems, computer networking and intelli
gent distributed systems. We are offering several internship positions which are competitively paid and provide the opportunity of working on real-wor
ld problems in a flexible and dynamic research environment. Your responsibilities Exploration of current challenges in software systems via direct int
eraction with ABB R&D units Review of academic literature Design, evaluation and documentation of potential solutions Quick prototyping of solutions t
hrough proof-of-concept implementations Your background Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Information Technolog
y or similar field; enrollment to 5th semester or higher is essential Interest in at least one of the following fields: Software engineering, real-tim
e systems, embedded software, security technologies, operating systems, distributed computing, blockchain, data analytics, machine learning, computer 
vision, wireless communication protocols Knowledge of at least one programming language, e.g., C, C++, Python Proficiency in English Willingness to le
arn and quickly adapt to new research topics Self-motivation and hands-on attitude Ability to think conceptually and express ideas clearly and convinc
ingly More about us The mission of Electrification's Research & Development function is to deliver sustainable customer value with our products, solut
ions and services while driving disruptive innovation in partnership with ABB Corporate Research. We look forward to receiving your application. The r
ecruiting process is led by Ece Özen, Talent Partner ABB Switzerland Ltd. If you would like to learn more about ABB, take another look at our website 
www.abb.com. ABB Privacy Policy: https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/candidate KontaktABB Schweiz AG(0)92 Jobshttps://www.abb.chBewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


Observability & AIOps Engineer/ConsultantSwiss Digital Network GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:ZürichObservability & AIOps Engineer/ConsultantDigital Architects Zurich Fulltime Position We are looking for expert consultants who work with cl
ients to design, communicate and build technologically advanced solutions. Job Description We are looking for Observability & AIOps Engineers /Consult
ants who are comfortable in both cloud and on-premise environments, have experience as Software and DevOps Engineer, and find the following exciting: 
 Working with customers in projects that you can help shape from start to finish Varied field of activity as a specialist with responsibility for cons
ulting, design and development of Observability & AIOps for critical applications Developing solutions using the latest and leading Observability & AI
Ops technology (open source or commercial software), leveraging machine learning for enterprise-grade automation, in the cloud and on-premises Collabo
ration and support of application developers and teams for the efficient adoption and use of Observability, Monitoring & AIOps Independent work, also 
part-time (80-100%) Education, training and opportunities to contribute Joining a helpful and collegial environment  Your Career As part of the Digita
l Architects Zurich team, you will develop innovative and state-of-the-art solutions for cloud-native environments and implement these solutions for c
ustomers in projects. Your Skills  A development and engineering spirit and the ability to apply knowledge from different areas to solve the complex p
roblems of reliable large-scale application operation Enjoying technical nuts and bolts and customer contact Engineering or administration experience 
with Monitoring, APM, Observability or AIOps solutions: Splunk, SignalFX, Dynatrace, New Relic, Elastic, Datadog, IBM Instana, Cisco AppDynamics, … Kn
owledge of software engineering (Java, JavaScript) and scripting (Shell, Python) Experience with Linux and Docker/Kubernetes as a user, administrator 
or engineer At best, experience with Agile, DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering or in a similar environment – what you don’t have, we’ll teach you! G
ood German and English language skills Flexibility for assignments at different customers in Zurich, Bern or Basel Team spirit, initiative, responsibi
lity, creative and analytical thinking We require that you already hold a residence and work permit for Switzerland  Perks of the Job Work-life Balanc
e Annual working hours (42h/week), overtime compensation, 5 weeks’ holiday and part-time offers – because work-life balance is important to us 1st Cla
ss Travel Card First class travel card for trains and buses in Switzerland (SBB GA). For private and work use. Monthly Outings We meet up regularly fo
r exchange, training and beer (or whatever you prefer). Share your knowledge, learn new things and have fun. Competitive Salary Salary in line with th
e market and a company profit sharing model. Phone Subscription Mobile phone subscription, all inclusive for Europe. Company Trips Weekends and trips 
with the team, be it hiking, skiing or other activities. Most importantly: everyone has fun.KontaktSwiss Digital Network GmbH(0)2 Jobshttps://swiss-di
gital-network.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director of Quantitative Systems Pharmacology (QSP) ModelingLYO-X AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArb
eitsort:BaselDirector of Quantitative Systems Pharmacology (QSP) ModelingQuantitative Systems Pharmacology Modeler Are you a highly motivated data sci
entist and mathematical modeler with a Masters or PhD degree who wants to impact drug development today! If you have great computational skills and ar
e excited to use them to tackle complex biology underlying diseases; then LYO-X is the right place for you! LYO-X is an established Swiss company loca
ted in Basel providing consulting and Quantitative Systems Pharmacology modelling services for the preclinical and clinical development of drugs to ou
r customers worldwide. Our customers range from highly innovative biotechnology companies, international large pharmaceutical companies to non-profit 
health organizations. LYO-X is one of the very few companies globally that is successfully applying Quantitative Systems Pharmacology as a service to 
help develop the next generation of drugs to bring better medicines to patients faster! At LYO-X we want our associates to grow and develop both insid
e and outside of work and we offer a flexible and collaborative working environment, to enable this. LYO-X provides the space to maximize your potenti
al and the opportunity to grow your expertise through exiting and novel project work, interaction with global clients and learning from other experien
ced colleagues around you. We are looking for individuals with excellent analytical and conceptual skills and a background in engineering, biophysics,
 computational sciences or other related fields. Experience in life science, pharmacology or drug development is preferable but not required. The desi
red candidate should have graduated with a recent Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other high ranking university. Professional requiremen
ts, required skills & competencies:  Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other recognized university. Rigorous, excellent analytical skills 
Pro-active, self-sufficient and can work independently Can communicate about scientific topics proficiently Proficient in oral and written English Exp
ert in scientific programming using Matlab and R Confident in understanding, using and solving ordinary differential equations (ODE) Other versatile c
omputational skills are desired in fields such as image processing, partial differential equations (PDE), machine learning, statistical learning or pa
rallel computing Strong team player, good communication skills and ability to work with cross-cultural and diverse project teams and clients  If you a
re interested and would like to contribute to the growth of LYO-X, we would be pleased to receive your application including a letter of application, 
curriculum vitae, academic transcripts and job references. Please send your application to hiring@lyo-x.com.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Systems & Control Intern - Localization (6 Months)Verity AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zür
ichSystems & Control Intern - Localization (6 Months) Mission: Verity is seeking a Systems & Control Intern to join our Localization team. This team i
s at the forefront of developing sophisticated features for our industrial indoor drone systems. We focus on enhancing the technology that allows dron
es to precisely localize themselves in indoor environments, specializing in the creation and maintenance of fast, accurate, and robust mapping and sta
te estimation algorithms. Your Role: Design, develop, and improve existing and novel algorithms related to our industrial vision-based localization sy
stem Identify and contribute to improvements of tools and processes related to deployment and manufacturing of our localization technology Engage with
 complex drone localization challenges, gaining practical experience in systems & estimation and software engineering techniques in a team of dedicate
d engineers. Collaborate with multidisciplinary engineering teams and take ideas to production Your Experience: Currently pursuing a degree (MSc) in r
obotics, computer science, or relevant field Strong academic record and demonstrated ability to convert theory into practice Practical knowledge of C+
+, Python. Knowledge of collaborating on code using git is a plus. Deep understanding of state estimation, systems and control is highly desired Knowl
edge of machine learning and computer vision concepts is highly desired Creative approach to problem-solving Fluent in English, both written and spoke
n Who you are: You are capable of working autonomously, with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. With an exceptional sense of responsibi
lity and a proactive approach, you thrive on taking initiative. Your work method is analytical, structured, and results-oriented. Moreover, you are in
herently curious, always eager to step out of your comfort zone and embrace new learning opportunities. Why Verity? Flexibility of a hybrid work envir
onment. You can arrange start and finish times around your life. A great engineering culture, including flat hierarchies, an open-door policy, and a f
ocus on joint responsibility and mutual trust and support Working with a skilled, high-achieving, experienced, and fun team—with lots of opportunities
 to develop your professional career and grow with the company Annual team-building events, quarterly and monthly get-togethers, knowledge-sharing tal
ks, game nights, and more 25 days of annual leave Welcoming office space complete with friendly team members, free snacks (fresh fruits, coffee, and m
ore!), and fun activities—we’re dog-friendly! We strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. All qualified applications wil
l receive consideration for employment without regard to race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender, age, physical [dis]ability, gender i
dentity or length of time spent unemployed. KontaktVerity AG(0)12 Jobshttps://www.verity.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, othe
r cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review yo
ur options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigation
, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Internship or Master's thesis Multimodal foundation models for proces
s digitisation and automation A master’s student or intern position is available for a candidate with a passion for developing intelligent workflows i
n the natural sciences, a positive and problem-solving attitude and the willingness to undertake challenging tasks that address real-world problems. T
he candidate will join for at least 4 months (master thesis) or 6 months (internship) the group of Artificial Intelligence for Scientific Discovery at
 IBM Research in Zurich that is embedded in a strong, worldwide IBM AI science community. Intelligent workflows, combining cloud and AI technologies, 
will have profound impacts on industries, increasing the efficiency in R&D processes and accelerating the development and adoption of sustainable solu
tions. Our team pushes this frontier with a culture of innovation and interdisciplinarity focusing on the creation and consumption of high-quality sci
ence. Qualifications  Enrolled or in possession of a Master's degree in computer science, physics, chemistry, or engineering with a sincere interest i
n cloud computing and in developing multimodal foundation models for process digitisation and automation. Excellent coding skills. Familiarity with Li
nux environments and software development tools (git/GitHub, IDEs, etc.). High amount of creativity and outstanding problem-solving ability.  Preferre
d Qualifications  Experience in machine learning or cloud. Experience with continuous integration pipelines. Excellent oral and written English with g
ood presentation skills. Strong interpersonal skills and excellent written and verbal communication.  Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the w
orkplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired b
alance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply Please submit your CV including contact information for two or th
ree references. We encourage candidates to also share a 3-minute video, in which they introduce themselves, as well as highlight their motivation and 
expertise. The video is not mandatory.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quantitative Risk Modeller (all genders) | 80% oder mehrBaloise Versicherung AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:BaselQuantitative Risk Modeller (all genders) | 80% oder mehr                                                        Dein Job in Kürze
                                                    Du bist in allen Schritten der Entwicklung quantitativer Modelle dabei: von der Idee über die Konz
eption und Datenaufbereitung bis hin zur Implementierung und Präsentation der Ergebnisse. Du hilfst uns, die vielfältigen regulatorischen und internen
 Anforderungen im Umfeld von SST und Solvency II zu bedienen. Du kommst mit Baloise in ein Unternehmen, das flache Hierarchien und Eigenverantwortung 
lebt: Verfolge deine Ideen und Projekte und gestalte gemeinsam mit anderen unsere Zukunft!                                                            
    Was dich erwartet                                                  Als Quantitative Risk Modeller wirst du täglich bestrebt sein, die Risiko- und 
Steuerungsmodelle sowie die dafür notwendigen Prozesse von Baloise neu zu erfinden oder bestehende zu verbessern.    Deine Hauptaufgaben werden im Ber
eich ökonomischer Szenarien für verschiedene Frameworks sowie in der Anwendung und Weiterentwicklung der dafür benötigten Modelle, Applikationen und P
rozesse liegen.    Deine weiteren Aufgaben:   Du bist bereichs- und länderübergreifend tätig und bearbeitest sehr unterschiedliche Problemstellungen. 
Du stimmst die Ergebnisse anspruchsvoller Konzernprojekte im engen Kontakt mit deinen Kolleg:innen ab und präsentierst sie dem Top-Management. Du hilf
st uns, die vielfältigen regulatorischen und internen Anforderungen im Umfeld von SST und Solvency II zu bedienen. Du kümmerst dich dabei um die Analy
se von Daten, die Entwicklung und den Unterhalt der quantitativen Modelle.  Dabei schrecken wir auch vor Themen wie Artificial Intelligence oder Machi
ne Learning nicht zurück!                                                             Dein Team                                                  Wir s
ind ein junges, dynamisches 6-köpfiges Team und unterstützen uns gegenseitig in einem herausfordernden Arbeitsumfeld. Wir versuchen stetig unsere Proz
esse und Arbeitsabläufe zu optimieren und freuen uns darauf, wenn du uns mit deiner Persönlichkeit und Expertise ergänzt.                             
                               Was wir erwarten                                                  Projektbezogenes Agieren und lösungsorientiertes Denk
en! Wir suchen eine Persönlichkeit, welche Freude daran hat Herausforderungen anzugehen und den Willen hat Bestehendes zu optimieren und auch zu hinte
rfragen.    Wir suchen deine konzeptionellen und analytischen Fähigkeiten, deine schnelle Auffassungsgabe, Eigeninitiative und deine Bereitschaft, Ver
antwortung zu übernehmen.    Du weisst, wann wir den Fokus auf Details legen müssen, und wo es eher ums Abstrahieren bzw. um das Wesentliche und Pragm
atische geht. Wir wünschen uns, dass du ein Gespür für Menschen und Situationen mitbringst und gern mit anderen kommunizierst. Du hast viele verschied
ene Kontakte - in unterschiedlichen Bereichen und Ländern. Bitte sprich ihre Sprache und hol sie ins Boot!    Was du als Quantitativer Risk Modeller a
usserdem brauchst:   sehr guter Universitätsabschluss, z.B. (Finanz-/Wirtschafts-)Mathematik oder Physik, vorzugsweise mit Schwerpunkt Risikomanagemen
t oder Stochastik Know-How im Bereich der Statistik, Wahrscheinlichkeitstheorie und stochastischer Modellierung Kenntnisse in Finanzmathematik und Der
ivaten erste Programmiererfahrung, idealerweise in C++, R oder Python sehr gutes Deutsch und Englisch in Wort und Schrift KontaktBaloise Versicherung 
AG(0)78 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:
60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausanne(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos is a global mana
gement and technology consultancy. We shape the digital future together with our clients.    "Data is becoming the central resource of every company. 
We help our clients to unlock the value of their data."    Our Data & AI team helps companies make the most of their data to make informed business de
cisions and gain a competitive advantage. We support our clients along the entire data value chain: encompassing data and AI strategy development, dat
a management, finding innovative use cases, managing projects, implementing cloud and on-prem platforms, data engineering, and training of GenAI and m
achine learning models.      That’s the job – Your main tasks at Eraneos:       In our dynamic and enthusiastic community of around 50 Data & AI consu
ltants located in Switzerland, you will engage in diverse projects directly with clients, tackling their challenges head-on using quantitative methods
. Collaborating with the community to exchange knowledge and actively participating in and influencing the expansion of our rapidly evolving services 
are integral aspects of the role.     Your tasks include:      Advising the customer on topics relating to data and data engineering, understanding th
e client’s challenges, and deriving suitable solution recommendations     Executing client projects in various roles      Supporting the acquisition o
f new projects     Help shape Eraneos and the Data & AI team in particular        This job is for you, if      You love solving problems and you want 
to help tackle our customers' challenges using the most appropriate means.     You have experience in data engineering and the relevant technologies, 
for example SQL, Snowflake, databricks, dbt, Hadoop, Spark, Python, ...     You have experience in dealing with various database technologies and larg
e data sets.    You have experience in building and automating data pipelines, have helped shape the architecture, have taken care of data extraction,
 data load and data transformation.     You have experience in cloud environments, ideally Azure or AWS.     You possess strong communication skills a
nd enjoy collaborating with colleagues and working with various clients.    You possess practical consulting and project experience, coupled with a ha
nds-on, results-driven mindset.    You have an ETH or university master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as computer science, data science,
 mathematics, physics, mechanical or electrical engineering.     Your German or French language skills are business fluent, and you speak English.    
   As the icing on the cake, you bring along      Certification for Azure, AWS, GCP, Snowflake KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eran
eos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Smart MachineSyntegon Packaging Systems AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Beringen
Praktikum Smart Machine    Unternehmensbeschreibung    Wir sind bereit Neues zu wagen. Bist du es auch?   Syntegon Technology ist ein weltweit führend
er Anbieter von Prozess- und Verpackungstechnik. Rund 5.800 Kolleg:innen in mehr als 15 Ländern arbeiten für die Syntegon-Gruppe an intelligenten und 
nachhaltigen Technologien für die Pharma- und Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Die Syntegon Packaging Systems AG in Beringen (SH) ist ein Unternehmender Synt
egon-Gruppe und führend im Bereich der Herstellung von Verpackungsmaschinen und Handlingsystemen. Mit rund 700 Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeitern reali
sieren wir innovative, kundenspezifische Verpackungslösungen im Hochleistungsbereich für die Nahrungsmittelindustrie.  Gehe den ersten Schritt! Bewirb
 dich jetzt!Schnell, bequem und ohne langes Anschreiben! Lade nur deinen CV hoch und beantworte zwei kurze Motivationsfragen.      Stellenbeschreibung
    • Neues entstehen lassen Du erstellst Web-Frontend zur Anzeige von Prozesswerten (Angular o.Ä). Auch kleinere Backends zur Datenverwaltung sind ne
u zu konzipieren (Python). • Die Nutzerfreundlichkeit mitgestalten und sichern Du stellst in Zusammenarbeit mit dem UX Team eine intuitive Bedienung s
icher. • Zuverlässig umsetzen Du entwickelst und testest Lösung mit mobilen Endgeräten. • Daten verstehen und vorbereiten Du analysierst Daten aus Dat
enbanken und erstellst Berichte über Datenqualität oder verbesserst Aufzeichnungsmethoden. Nach dem Klassifizieren der Daten können unterschiedliche L
ernverfahren exploriert werden.      Qualifikationen    • Ausbildung Du befindest dich im Master, bzw. Bachelorstudium der Informatik, Statistik oder 
einem vergleichbaren Studiengang. • Erfahrungen und Know-How Du hast bereits erste Erfahrungen im Umgang mit Machine Learning und Webprorammierung ges
ammelt. Du hast Erfahrungen im Umgang mit MS Office. Programmiererfahrung in WebApplikationen ist von Vorteil. Du hast sehr gute Sprachkenntnisse in D
eutsch und gute Sprachkenntnisse in Englisch. • Persönlichkeit und Arbeitsweise Du hast eine strukturierte und selbständige Arbeitsweise.     Zusätzli
che Informationen    Beginn: ab sofort / nach Vereinbarung Dauer:6Monate Pensum:100%  Benefits   Bei uns erwarten dich flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle für
 eine ausgewogene Work-Life-Balance - Du gestaltest deinen Arbeitsalltag in einer 40-Stunden-Woche. Freue dich auf eine erstklassige Verpflegung in un
serem Restaurant mit vielfältiger Auswahl an gesunden Ernährungsangeboten.Events wie Raclette- oder Fonduetage bieten eine entspannte Atmosphäre zum A
ustausch mit deinen Kollegen. Als Teil von Syntegon kannst du von spannenden Rabatten und Aktionen im Rahmen unseres Corporate Benefit Programms profi
tieren. Dazu gehören«Brand for Employees», Flottenrabatten, subventioniertes Fitnessabo etc..   Kontakt Filiz SözenTel: +41 58 674 7690   Bei Syntegon
 am Standort Beringen sind wir über alle Hierarchiestufen hinweg per du. Aus diesem Grund führen wir auch den Rekrutierungsprozess in der DU-Form. Ger
ne kannst du uns in deinen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit unseren Vornamen ansprechen. Syntegon ist ein globalagierendesUnternehmen,dem Vielfalt ein wichtig
es Anliegen ist. Wir begrüßen ausdrücklich ein Umfeld, in dem alle Mitarbeiter:innenungeachtet des Geschlechts, Alters, der Herkunft, der Religion, se
xueller Orientierung, geschlechtlicher Identität sowie besonderer Bedürfnisse gleichwertig sind. Sofern in dieser Stellenanzeige ausschließlich die mä
nnliche Form verwendet wird, dient dies einer besseren Lesbarkeit und bezieht sich auf Personen jeglichen Geschlechts.  Falls Sie als unbeauftragter P
ersonalvermittler/-dienstleister Kandidat:innen auf SmartRecruiters hochladen bzw. empfehlen, gelten unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen (AGB) für
 Personaldienstleister. Diese sind unter folgendem Link abrufbar. Mit dem Klick auf «Jetzt Bewerben» oder«Jemanden empfehlen» stimmen Sie unseren AGB 
ausdrücklich zu. KontaktSyntegon Packaging Systems AG(1)30 Jobshttps://www.syntegon.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Systems Pharmacology Internship Animal-to-human scalingLYO-X AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:BaselSystems Pharmacology Internship Animal-to-human scalingQuantitative Systems Pharmacology Modeler Are you a highly motivated data scientist and
 mathematical modeler with a Masters or PhD degree who wants to impact drug development today! If you have great computational skills and are excited 
to use them to tackle complex biology underlying diseases; then LYO-X is the right place for you! LYO-X is an established Swiss company located in Bas
el providing consulting and Quantitative Systems Pharmacology modelling services for the preclinical and clinical development of drugs to our customer
s worldwide. Our customers range from highly innovative biotechnology companies, international large pharmaceutical companies to non-profit health org
anizations. LYO-X is one of the very few companies globally that is successfully applying Quantitative Systems Pharmacology as a service to help devel
op the next generation of drugs to bring better medicines to patients faster! At LYO-X we want our associates to grow and develop both inside and outs
ide of work and we offer a flexible and collaborative working environment, to enable this. LYO-X provides the space to maximize your potential and the
 opportunity to grow your expertise through exiting and novel project work, interaction with global clients and learning from other experienced collea
gues around you. We are looking for individuals with excellent analytical and conceptual skills and a background in engineering, biophysics, computati
onal sciences or other related fields. Experience in life science, pharmacology or drug development is preferable but not required. The desired candid
ate should have graduated with a recent Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other high ranking university. Professional requirements, requir
ed skills & competencies:  Master’s or PhD degree from the ETHZ, EPFL or other recognized university. Rigorous, excellent analytical skills Pro-active
, self-sufficient and can work independently Can communicate about scientific topics proficiently Proficient in oral and written English Expert in sci
entific programming using Matlab and R Confident in understanding, using and solving ordinary differential equations (ODE) Other versatile computation
al skills are desired in fields such as image processing, partial differential equations (PDE), machine learning, statistical learning or parallel com
puting Strong team player, good communication skills and ability to work with cross-cultural and diverse project teams and clients  If you are interes
ted and would like to contribute to the growth of LYO-X, we would be pleased to receive your application including a letter of application, curriculum
 vitae, academic transcripts and job references. Please send your application to hiring@lyo-x.com.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data EngineerSoltar AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 April 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData EngineerSOLTAR ist ein Anbi
eter von Intelligence-as-a-Service und Data Manage-ment mit Web-Applikationen spezialisiert auf die finanziellen Potenziale inEinkaufs-, Supply Chain-
 und Working Capital Management unter Nutzungvon Methoden der Künstlichen Intelligenz (KI). Unsere Kunden sind inter-nationale und nationale Industrie
- und Dienstleistungsunternehmen.  In zentraler Lage am Bellevue in Zürich suchen wir eine(n)  Business Data Analyst / Data Engineer (80-100%)  für da
s Thema  Intelligence im Supply Chain Management und Supply Chain Finance  Sie haben Freude an der Entwicklung von innovativen Business Data Intellige
nce Lösungen ,als auch an der Anwendung von Künstlicher Intelligenz (Machine-/ DeepLearning) im Management der Supply Chain. Sie konzipieren Datenbank
lö-sungen und bauen sie in Cloudumgebungen auf unter Berücksichtigungvon Schnittstellen zu Datenquellen und Applikationen. Sie programmierenAlgorithme
n mit Hilfe von Machine Learning Frameworks und stellen dieVisualisierung in Front-End Applikationen (GUI) bzw. Dashboards sicher.Sie arbeiten an konk
reten Projekten mit Industrie- und Dienstleistungsun-ternehmen und verarbeiten den Dateninput aus verschiedenen Unterneh-men und Standorten. Neben dem
 Datenmanagement gehört der direkteKundenkontakt und die Vorstellung der Ergebnisse zu Ihren Aufgaben. Sieführen ein kleines Team von Werkstudent(inn)
en/Praktikant(inn)en.  Sie besitzen einen Master in Computer Science/Ingenieurwissenschaften (ETH, FH) o-der Betriebswirtschaft (Uni, FH) und haben be
reits erste Berufserfahrungals Business Analyst, Data Scientist, Werkstudent/Praktikant o.ä. gesam-melt. Ihre starken analytischen Fähigkeiten sowie E
rfahrungen in der Ent-wicklung innovativer Methoden können Sie täglich einsetzen und nutzen.Sie verfügen über sehr gute Kenntnisse in der Programmieru
ng mit Pythonund SQL. Erste praktische Erfahrungen mit Big Data Frameworks (Hadoop,Spark) und Cloud-Entwicklungsumgebungen (Azure/AWS/GCP) haben siebe
reits gesammelt. Der Umgang mit Machine Learning Frameworks wieTensor Flow oder Daten Visualisierungs-Tools wie Power BI gehört für Siezur Routine. Ih
re exzellenten Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort undSchrift erleichtern Ihnen die Kommunikation in einem internationalen Um-feld.  Sie sind eine
 kommunikative, analytische Persönlichkeit und selbstständiges Arbei-ten gewohnt. Sie fühlen sich wohl in einem dynamischen Umfeld, in wel-chem Sie in
itiativ agieren können, einen hohen Freiheitsgrad für die Ge-staltung und Problemlösung haben und gerne den Kontakt mit externenGeschäftspartnern pfle
gen. Wir freuen uns auf den Kontakt mit Ihnen!  Erweitern Sie ihr Data Management Know-how mit innovativen Metho-  den Senden Sie Ihre Bewerbungsunter
lagen an Dr. Alwin Locker, der Ihnengerne als Ansprechpartner zur Verfügung steht. SOLTAR AG – The Supply Chain Experts Telefon +41 44 500 9670Dr. Alw
in LockerTheaterstrasse 8 e-mail a.locker@soltar.bizCH-8001 Zürich www.soltar.biz KontaktSOLTAR AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.soltar.bizBewerbenJob merkenDie
sen Job melden


Data Scientist (m/w/d)Körber Supply Chain AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GrabsData Scientis
t (m/w/d)Mit modernster Technologie und innovativem Design produzieren wirHigh-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinenund entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharm
abranche, wie denLine Optimizer. Es erwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue We
ge und Optimierungen des digitalen Shopfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt.      Deine Rolle in unserem Team     Agile Entwicklung vo
n Data Science (DS) & Artificial Intelligence (AI) Anwendungen unter Verwendung von Statistik- und Machine-Learning-Verfahren Teilprojektleitung und P
rojektabwicklung von DS und AI Anwendungen intern und bei Kunden Koordination von internen und externen Entwicklern sowie Anforderungen von Stakeholde
rn Entwicklung und Pflege der technischen Dokumentation zum Thema DS und AI Pflege und Durchsetzung von Code Qualitäts-Richtlinien Vorantreiben innova
tiver DS/AI & Cloud Lösungen in Zusammenarbeit mit den Schwesterfirmen Erfassung und Bewertung von Markt- und Kundenanforderungen, Beobachtung und Ana
lyse des Wettbewerbs im Bereich Data Science & Artificial Intelligence       Dein Profil   Wenn Deine Leidenschaft der Softwareentwicklung von digital
en Produkten gilt und Du Spass an der Arbeit im Team hast, dann bist Du genau die Persönlichkeit, die wir suchen.    Berufsausbildung oder Studium im 
Informatikbereich (HF, FH, Universität) Einschlägige Erfahrungen mit DS und AI Projekten und state of the art Entwicklungstechnologien Erfahrung im Ma
schinenbau sowie Pharma von Vorteil Gute Kommunikationsfähigkeit in Deutsch und Englisch (Wort & Schrift)    Zudem bist Du innovativ, pragmatisch und 
ein «Macher». Dank Deiner zielorientierten, strukturierten und selbständigen Arbeitsweise stellst Du Dich auch komplexen Herausforderungen und bringst
 eine hohe Kundenorientierung und Qualitätsbewusstsein mit.    Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Körber   AmKörber-Standort in Grabsentwickeln wir seit über 40 J
ahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovative Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Dividella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen 
und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die technologische Kreativität unserer modularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen.        Deine Vorteile    
 Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben in einem modernen technischen Umfeld, die «Techniker-Herzen»höher schlagen lässt Flexibl
e Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner Weiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmeneven
ts, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.       Bist Du bereit in die spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt einzutauchen?   Dann bewirb Dich jetzt!   Recruitme
nt-Team  Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E-Mail schreiben kontaktieren.Wir arbeiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten
 daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder Telefon abzusehen.Bitte sende uns Deine Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerber
portal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu.Recruiter:Angela RutzJob Req ID: 6745 Wir wertschätzen Vielfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabh
ängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herkunft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behinderung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Id
entität. KontaktKörber Supply Chain AG(0)8 Jobshttps://www.koerber-supplychain.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:60 
– 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausanne(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos is a global management
 and technology consultancy. We shape the digital future together with our clients.    "Data is becoming the central resource of all companies. We hel
p our customers to unlock the value of their data."    Our Data & AI team helps companies make the most of their data to make informed business decisi
ons and gain a competitive advantage. We support our clients along the entire data value chain: encompassing data and AI strategy development, data ma
nagement, finding innovative use cases, managing projects, implementing cloud and on-prem platforms, data engineering, and training of GenAI and machi
ne learning models.     That’s the job – Your main tasks at Eraneos:       In our dynamic and enthusiastic community of around 50 Data & AI consultant
s located in Switzerland, you will engage in diverse projects directly with clients, tackling their challenges head-on using quantitative methods. Col
laborating with the community to exchange knowledge and actively participating in and influencing the expansion of our rapidly evolving services are i
ntegral aspects of the role.   Your tasks include:     Advising the customer on topics relating to Data & AI, understanding the client’s challenges, a
nd deriving suitable solution recommendations     Executing client projects in various roles      Supporting the acquisition of new projects     Help 
shape Eraneos and the Data & AI team in particular       This job is for you, if      You love solving problems and you want to help tackle our custom
ers' challenges using the most appropriate means.     You are proficient in data science and data analytics topics, methods and tools and have impleme
ntation experience, for example in Python, SQL, pandas, pytorch, tensorflow, keras.     You have the ability to clarify complex topics through visuali
zations, e.g. using matplotlib, seaborn, streamlit. Data engineering is part of your routine.     You like to explain data science challenges and appr
oaches to people who are not familiar with the subject.      You possess strong communication skills and enjoy collaborating with colleagues and worki
ng with various clients.    You possess practical consulting and project experience beyond academic research, coupled with a hands-on, results-driven 
mindset.    You have an ETH or university master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as data science, mathematics, physics, mechanical enginee
ring, electrical engineering or computer science.     Your German or French language skills are business fluent, and you speak English.       As the i
cing on the cake, you bring along      Experience in working with databases     A certain flair for "hacking" and no fear of the command line     Expe
rience in the cloud environment     Cloud certifications for Azure, AWS or GCP KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//B
ewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Assistant) Manager - Forensic Technology / eDiscovery KPMGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:Zuric
h/GenevaMembers of our Forensic Technology team have a trivial part in the delivery of large data-driven projects for our clients whom are facing a cr
isis situation either through external factors like a data breach/financial fraud or are being investigated by a regulatory body. You will drive our r
esponse by securing, investigating and handling of digital evidence and electronic information.   Your contribution to KPMG     Play a key role to hel
p investigation teams to establish what has happened, uncovering what occurred, when, who was involved, how, and its impact Apply advanced investigati
ve and visualization techniques, machine learning and predictive coding algorithms to get faster and better insights into collected data Partially lea
ding the development of novel tools and methodologies, and building scripts to enhance delivery of digital forensic services Identify, secure and acqu
ire digital evidence from a broad range of data sources such as computer/laptop hard drives, USB and external storage devices, mobile devices, network
s, server systems and IoT devices Perform digital forensic analysis and evaluation of data from various sources using specialized tools and state-of-t
he-art methodologies Manage and maintain KPMG's digital forensic lab and equipment, and contribute to training, mentoring and guiding team members on 
related methodologies, best practices, tools and capabilities Manage operational elements of KPMG's digital forensic technology solutions, such as: de
veloping, implementing and maintaining digital forensic service operating procedures and playbooks    This is what makes you successful     Hold a mas
ter's degree in data science, computer science, natural science, engineering and other related majors At least 4 years of experience in a similar fiel
d, preferably Consulting area Good knowledge of programming language (e.g., Python, C#) and data query language (SQL) Strong Machine Learning and Natu
ral Language Processing technics (text classification, semantic search) Proficient with one of the major eDiscovery platforms (Relativity, Reveal, Reo
mmind) and experience with forensic collections (Encase / FTK / Cellebrite, etc.) Good knowledge of the operating systems (Microsoft Windows, Unix, Ma
cOS) Proficient in English; German or French are a strong advantage    Your benefits   We offer a range of generous benefits designed to help you thri
ve with us and benefit for life. Discover them below. KPMG as an employerWe provide a dynamic work environment that is fast-paced and often reactive t
o the needs of our clients. We are flexible, responsive, and above all committed to the quality and integrity of our work. As a new joiner to the team
, you will experience dedicated colleagues to ensure your development and success on every project. You will be encouraged to think independently and 
provide creative ideas and solutions to increase the quality of our overall service. Our attractive Forensic client portfolio will ensure that no day 
will be the same, making this a fascinating position. https://home.kpmg/ch/en/home/services/advisory/forensic/forensic-technology.htmlKPMG is known fo
r providing clear and consistent solutions in the areas of auditing and advisory services. The broad palette of services across many subject matters a
nd industries allows the provision of multidisciplinary services from a single source for our clients on the one hand and diverse careers and developm
ent options for our employees on the other hand. Our dealings are fair and frank and we strive to always look at the results of our work through the e
yes of our clients. At KPMG, we are aware that if we add value for our clients, we also do the same for ourselves.  Do you have any questions?   Rebec
ca Werner+41 58 249 22 85  KPMG8036 Zurich/Geneva  KontaktKPMG(0)80 Jobshttp://www.kpmg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data AnalysisETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Apri
l 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernResearch Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data Anal
ysisResearch Assistant Position: Development of Rail Roughness Measuring Technique and Big Data Analysis 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Institute of Mac
hine Tools and Manufacturing (IWF) under the Department of Mechanical and Process Engineering (D-MAVT) is an international leading research group on m
achine tools and in the field of production engineering. Recent topics of research focus on novel technologies such as additive manufacturing, Artific
ial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Big Data analysis and Industry 4.0. Project background The increasing velocity of trains, now reaching u
p to 250 km/h, creates a significant amount of noise. It is mainly generated by the aerodynamics and the rail-wheel interaction. Due to this interacti
on, the so-called rolling noise is emitted, contributing significantly to the overall acoustic pollution. The results of sonRAIL study showed direct c
orrelation between the noise development and the surface quality of rail and wheel, thereby creating the willingness to precisely measure this quantit
y. Unfortunately the existing methods do not allow for a fast and precise evaluation of the rail roughness, making it impossible to keep track of the 
rail surface status. The high velocity of the train is just one challenge among many that such a measuring device shall overcome. For instance, anothe
r major problem would be the data processing. Artificial Intelligence will possibly be used for feature extraction out of the huge amount of data. Sta
te of the art dry grinding technology of railways induces increasing noise after the grinding process. The noise only decreases after some train overr
un, which smooths the surface of the rails. A closed loop system with integrated Machine Learning for the detection of optimal process parameters for 
railway grinding needs to be developed, in order to improve the process itself as well as the general track maintenance. Job description For this indu
stry related research project, we are looking for a research assistant who can support the project. You will be working on the development of methodol
ogy and algorithms to accurately measure surface roughness at high speed using contactless sensors. Consequently, the developed product will need to b
e tested and evaluated in the lab, as well as in the real world, on running trains. Theoretical consideration and modeling will then be combined with 
experimental tasks. In a second step, the candidate will need to establish a method to deal with such an enormous amount of data and make it usable fo
r the clients. This will open doors for diving into Machine Learning and Big Data analysis, also related to the predictive maintenance of the rail net
work or to the grinding process optimization. Your profile We are looking for a highly motivated, self-organized and eager to learn candidates holding
 a Master's degree in Engineering or Physics. Qualified candidates should have the following capabilities:  Good knowledge of data analysis and signal
 processing Interest in metrology and measuring techniques Programming experience, preferably in Python and LabView Competences in Information Technol
ogy Languages: fluency in German and English  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working c
onditions. You can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious?
 So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae Motivational Letter Trascript of reco
rds Ev. reference letters  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email
 or postal services will not be considered. Further information about D-MAVT and IWF can be found on the following websites: For any further questions
 regarding this position please refer to Dr. Michal Kuffa (E-Mail schreiben). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your o
nline application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae Motivational Letter Trascript of records Ev. reference letters  Please note that we 
exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Fur
ther information about D-MAVT and IWF can be found on the following websites: For any further questions regarding this position please refer to Dr. Mi
chal Kuffa (E-Mail schreiben).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensic Technology / eDiscovery KPMGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Arbeitsort:Geneva 
or ZurichMembers of our Forensic Technology team have a trivial part in the delivery of large data-driven projects for our clients whom are facing a c
risis situation either through external factors like a data breach/financial fraud or are being investigated by a regulatory body. You will drive our 
response by securing, investigating and handling of digital evidence and electronic information.   Your contribution to KPMG     Play a key role to he
lp investigation teams to establish what has happened, uncovering what occurred, when, who was involved, how, and its impact Apply advanced investigat
ive and visualization techniques, machine learning and predictive coding algorithms to get faster and better insights into collected data Contribute t
o the development of novel tools and methodologies, and building scripts to enhance delivery of digital forensic services Identify, secure and acquire
 digital evidence from a broad range of data sources such as computer/laptop hard drives, USB and external storage devices, mobile devices, networks, 
server systems and IoT devices Perform digital forensic analysis and evaluation of data from various sources using specialized tools and state-of-the-
art methodologies Manage and maintain KPMG's digital forensic lab and equipment, and contribute to training, mentoring and guiding team members on rel
ated methodologies, best practices, tools and capabilities Help with managing operational elements of KPMG's digital forensic technology solutions, su
ch as: developing, implementing and maintaining digital forensic service operating procedures and playbooks    This is what makes you successful     H
old a master's degree in data science, computer science, natural science, engineering and other related majors Technology focused, curious with a keen
 eye for detail, will to be challenged by taking on responsibility and handle the pressure of delivering quality results to demanding timelines Good k
nowledge of programming language (e.g., Python, C#) and data query language (SQL) Strong Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing technics (te
xt classification, semantic search) Proficient with one of the major eDiscovery platforms (Relativity, Reveal, Recommind) and experience with forensic
 collections (Encase / FTK / Cellebrite, etc.) Good knowledge of the operating systems (Microsoft Windows, Unix, MacOS) Proficient in English; German 
or French are a strong advantage    Your benefits   We offer a range of generous benefits designed to help you thrive with us and benefit for life. Di
scover them below. KPMG as an employerWe provide a dynamic work environment that is fast-paced and often reactive to the needs of our clients. We are 
flexible, responsive, and above all committed to the quality and integrity of our work. As a new joiner to the team, you will experience dedicated col
leagues to ensure your development and success on every project. You will be encouraged to think independently and provide creative ideas and solution
s to increase the quality of our overall service. Our attractive Forensic client portfolio will ensure that no day will be the same, making this a fas
cinating position. https://home.kpmg/ch/en/home/services/advisory/forensic/forensic-technology.htmlKPMG is known for providing clear and consistent so
lutions in the areas of auditing and advisory services. The broad palette of services across many subject matters and industries allows the provision 
of multidisciplinary services from a single source for our clients on the one hand and diverse careers and development options for our employees on th
e other hand. Our dealings are fair and frank and we strive to always look at the results of our work through the eyes of our clients. At KPMG, we are
 aware that if we add value for our clients, we also do the same for ourselves.  Do you have any questions?   Haig IlanjianHuman Resources+41 58 249 3
8 80  KPMG1227 Geneva or Zurich  KontaktKPMG(0)80 Jobshttp://www.kpmg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Offering Manager for AILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichOffering Ma
nager for AIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenue global tec
hnology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers every day in 18
0 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company by furthe
r expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) including server, st
orage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more inclusive, t
rustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHub. Descr
iption and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brighter and more
 inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 markets worldwi
de. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (through devices 
and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inclusive, trus
tworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As an Offering Manager in 
the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will develop and refine offering vision
, strategy and roadmap for AI-powered service offerings. Your expertise will be instrumental in translating business requirements from and for custome
rs into innovative service offerings. From inception to productization, your expertise will bring best practices and best-of-breed tools into play to 
meet customer needs precisely. Leading from design to delivery, you'll spearhead our managed services offerings based on generative AI capabilities an
d emerging innovations. Deploying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud infrastructure will be a signifi
cant part of the implemented designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to develop services enabling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seaml
essly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some customer-facing work. In this role, you will: Manage the 
product development lifecycle, from ideation to launch, working closely with cross-functional teams to ensure timely delivery and high-quality standar
ds. Monitor and analyze product performance using key performance indicators (KPIs), making data-driven decisions to optimize and improve AI offerings
. Gather and incorporate user feedback, market trends, and technological advancements into the product development process to ensure continuous improv
ement and competitiveness. Communicate offering updates, progress, and challenges to stakeholders, managing their expectations and addressing concerns
. Ensure AI products adhere to ethical guidelines and consider fairness, transparency, and privacy concerns. Stay informed about advancements in AI, m
achine learning, and related technologies, as well as industry trends and best practices, to drive innovation and informed decision-making. Collaborat
e with data scientists, engineers, and other technical staff to implement AI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with ex
isting systems.  Qualifications:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in rel
evant domains. 5-7 years of experience creating enterprise products or services demonstrating a deep understanding of the market dynamics, customer re
quirements and business acumen. 5-7 years of experience and a strong grasp of AI, machine learning, or a related field, including experience creating/
implementing AI solutions. Exceptional business leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfull
y. A passion for continuous learning in this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to th
e table. The ability to travel or work in different locations, depending on project needs.  Preferred Skills:  Experience with Product management and 
offering development lifecycle processes. Proficiency in developing multi-year strategies and execution plans. In-depth understanding of service offer
ings and the competitive landscape. Customer insights and ability to identify high value, business objectives. Strong analytical skillset and demonstr
ated business acumen. Effective communication and presentation skills. Collaborative approach & ability to influence across the organization. Startup 
experience or incubation business Experience working on an international team BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


CI/CD Engineer & ConsultantSwiss Digital Network GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichC
I/CD Engineer & ConsultantDigital Architects Zurich Fulltime Position We are looking for expert consultants who work with clients to design, communica
te and build technologically advanced solutions. Job Description We are looking for CI/CD Engineers & Consultants who are comfortable in both cloud an
d on-premise environments, have experience as Software and DevOps Engineer, and find the following exciting:  Working with customers in projects that 
you can help shape from start to finish Varied field of activity as a specialist with responsibility for consulting, design and development of Continu
ous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) for critical applications Developing solutions using the latest CI/CD technology (open source or commerc
ial software) as well as automation, continuous verification with machine learning and monitoring/observability, in the cloud and on-premises Collabor
ation and support of application developers and teams for the efficient adoption and use of CI/CD Independent work, also part-time (80-100%) Education
, training and opportunities to contribute Joining a helpful and collegial environment  Your Career As part of the Digital Architects Zurich team, you
 will develop innovative and state-of-the-art solutions for cloud-native environments and implement these solutions for customers in projects. Your Sk
ills  A development and engineering spirit and the ability to apply knowledge from different areas to solve the complex problems of reliable large-sca
le application operation Enjoying technical nuts and bolts and customer contact Experience with CI and/or CD and related technologies: Jenkins, Harnes
s, Gitlab, ArgoCD, Tekton, Terraform, … Knowledge of software engineering (Java, JavaScript) and scripting (Shell, Python) Experience with Linux and D
ocker/Kubernetes as a user, administrator or engineer At best, experience with Agile, DevOps, Site Reliability Engineering or in a similar environment
 – what you don’t have, we’ll teach you! Good German and English language skills Flexibility for assignments at different customers in Zurich, Bern or
 Basel Team spirit, initiative, responsibility, creative and analytical thinking We require that you already hold a residence and work permit for Swit
zerland  Perks of the Job Work-life Balance Annual working hours (42h/week), overtime compensation, 5 weeks’ holiday and part-time offers – because wo
rk-life balance is important to us 1st Class Travel Card First class travel card for trains and buses in Switzerland (SBB GA). For private and work us
e. Monthly Outings We meet up regularly for exchange, training and beer (or whatever you prefer). Share your knowledge, learn new things and have fun.
 Competitive Salary Salary in line with the market and a company profit sharing model. Phone Subscription Mobile phone subscription, all inclusive for
 Europe. Company Trips Weekends and trips with the team, be it hiking, skiing or other activities. Most importantly: everyone has fun.KontaktSwiss Dig
ital Network GmbH(0)2 Jobshttps://swiss-digital-network.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Chief Executive Officer (CEO) - Longevity StartupAVEA LIFE AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:ZürichChief Executive Officer (CEO) - Longevity Startup About Us: Maximon is a longevity investor and company builder with the vision to become a l
eading player in the field of longevity and healthy lifespan by empowering entrepreneurs to build impactful, science-based, and scalable companies pro
viding solutions for healthy aging and rejuvenation. For a venture focusing on health technology and innovation we are looking for a CEO. This venture
 is committed to utilizing state-of-the-art machine learning, AI, and SaaS solutions to revolutionize the analysis of human health data. Tasks and res
ponsibilities Lead the company by crafting a compelling strategic vision Develop and execute a strategy that aligns with our mission to innovate in th
e health and longevity tech space Lead the creation of new business models and partnerships to strengthen our market position Develop and scale busine
ss models, with a focus on SaaS and AI-driven solutions Oversee the development and deployment of our product ensuring market alignment and customer-c
entricity Recruit and retain top talent while driving team building and culture development to create a collaborative, agile, and high-performing star
tup environment Oversee the startup’s operational efficiency, financial health, and regulatory compliance Act as the face of the company, engaging wit
h the media, stakeholders, and at industry events Foster a strong, transparent relationship with the Board of Directors, ensuring clear communication 
of financial and operational performance against goals Remain attuned to trends and shifts in AI, SaaS, and longevity tech, ensuring the startup remai
ns at the forefront of the industry You'll fit great with these skills and values Proven leadership experience in a CEO or equivalent role, ideally wi
thin a startup environment in the health tech, AI, or SaaS sectors Strong understanding of digital health solutions Strong entrepreneurial mindset: in
novative, proactive, and growth-driven Exceptional leadership and communication skills, coupled with strategic business acumen Dynamic in creating sol
utions, understanding market shifts, and guiding the team Strong project management, multitasking, and decision-making skills Ability to cultivate bus
iness opportunities and strategic partnerships effectively Excellent verbal and written English skills; German skills are a plus A healthy lifestyle i
s important to you Strong interest in the fields of preventative medicine, health optimisation, and longevity With us as a strong partner by your side
 As our CEO, you are leading a startup that is revolutionizing the way health data is analyzed and utilized. You will benefit from working with succes
sful and well-known serial entrepreneurs who have co-founded over 20 companies, accompanied 2 IPOs, and have raised more than EUR 2bn. On top of that,
 you will cooperate with the brightest minds and researchers within longevity. You accelerate your entrepreneurial career in one of the hottest topics
 in the coming decades: longevity! KontaktAVEA LIFE AG(0)3 Jobshttps://avea-life.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Solution ArchitectureInnovation Process Technology AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 August 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Deutsc
hschweizSolution Architecture Wir sind eine Schweizer IT-Consulting-Firma. Wir bauen innovative Lösungen bei unseren Kunden vor Ort. Uns gibt es seit 
über 25 Jahren, aber wir leben immer noch eine Start-up-Mentalität – Über 220 Leute, Flat Hierarchy, No Politics, Lots of Fun! Bei uns gilt: People Fi
rst! Alle können sich bei uns einbringen und zu Expertinnen und Experten werden. Wissen wird geteilt und gegenseitige Unterstützung ist zentral. We’re
 ONE Team! Bitte beachte, dass wir nur Kandidat:innen mit sehr guten Deutschkenntnissen berücksichtigen können. Deine Challenges Du berätst unsere Kun
den neutral, wie sie ihre aktuellen Systeme langfristig und stabil weiterentwickeln können (z.B. in API-Management, DevOps, Cloud Integration, Securit
y oder Machine Learning). Das Ziel ist stets, die beste Lösung für und mit dem Kunden zusammen zu entwickeln und umzusetzen Zusammen mit verschiedenen
 Stakeholdern (Business, Security, Netzwerk, SW-Entwickler usw.) erarbeitest du neue Use Cases Konzeption der technischen Lösungsarchitektur hinsichtl
ich Industry Best-Practices, Technologietrends und den lokalen Gegebenheiten des Kunden Entwerfen einer ersten PoC Version, um dem Kunden den Nutzen a
ufzuzeigen Du übernimmst den technischen Lead in der Umsetzung der Lösung und wendest state-of-the-art Tooling und agile Projektmethoden an Du führst 
neue Projekt-Mitarbeitende ein und coachst das Team Das bringst Du mit 5+ Jahre Projekterfahrung im Software Engineering und/oder Softwarearchitektur 
Erfahrung mit verschiedenen IT-Architekturen Guter Überblick über aktuelle Trends in der IT Industrie (Cloud Native, Machine Learning, Serverless, o.ä
.) Abgeschlossenes Studium (Informatik, Wirtschaftsinformatik, Mathematik, Elektrotechnik, Physik o.ä.) Teamplayer und gute kommunikative Fähigkeiten 
Professionelles Auftreten und fliessende Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Das sind unsere Benefits für Dich Wissensaustausch untereinander: Monatliche 
Mitarbeitendenevents, TechBiers und Scrum’n’Wines garantieren Know-How Austausch und frische Ideen Bonus für alle gleich: Bonus gibt es bei uns für al
le Mitarbeitenden – und verteilt wird er proportional gleichmässig Entwicklung + Perspektive: Persönliche Weiterbildungs- und Entwicklungsmöglichkeite
n basierend auf Deinen Karrierevorstellungen Hardfacts Dein Arbeitsort ist vor Ort beim Kunden in der Deutschschweiz (Zürich, Luzern, Basel, Bern, St.
 Gallen) Pensum: 80% oder mehr Dieses Stelleninserat umschreibt ein Szenario, das Dich in einem Projekt erwarten könnte. Wir suchen Talente, die für v
erschiedene Themen und Technologien offen sind. Hast Du Fragen? Michaela Kuhn People & Development + Associate Partner Wir freuen uns auf Deine Bewerb
ung! Anrede  Herr  Frau  Vorname  Name  E-Mail  Telefon  Dein Linkedin-Profil  Dein Xing-Profil  Dein GitHub oder Stack Overflow-Profil 👩🏻 💻  Bewerbun
gsschreiben .pdf, .doc, .docx, .zip (max. 20MB) Lebenslauf .pdf, .doc, .docx, .zip (max. 20MB) Weitere Dokumente .pdf, .doc, .docx, .zip (max. 20MB) W
eitere Links  Deutschkenntnisse  sehr gut  gut  befriedigend  Bemerkung  Wie bist Du auf ipt aufmerksam geworden?  Ich habe die Datenschutzbestimmunge
n gelesen und bin damit einverstanden. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente (100%)Berner FachhochschuleBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai
 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD Student in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente (100%)PhD Stu
dent in Digital Finance, Data Science and AI at BFH and University of Twente    What you'll be doing here   Work on exciting research and innovation p
rojects focused on data science, AI and ML applications in finance together with industry and academic expects from Switzerland and abroad Write a cum
ulative doctoral thesis and scientific articles with the aim of publication in international top-tier scientific journals Active contribution in the a
cquisition of third-party funding for research projects with the freedom to lead research proposals for various funding schemes Offer teaching support
 for the department group Data Science, Finance, Accounting, and Tax Receive the opportunity to complete a doctorate in cooperation with a leading int
ernational university (University of Twente) and be part of a team that leads large international research networks (through EU projects, COST Actions
 and research collaborations) including over 300 researchers from ˜50 countries. A six-month stay abroad at a foreign university under an SNF grant is
 envisioned Join the MSCA Doctoral Network on Digital Finance, providing a European-wide doctorate in Digital Finance, with leading institutions such 
as the European Central Bank     What you'll bring with you   You have a very good Master's degree in business/economics or a related field (e.g. Stat
istics, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science) or you are about to complete You have experience or a strong interest in quantitative e
mpirical work and very good working knowledge in the application of statistical methods (Stata, R, Python) Ideally you have knowledge in the following
 areas: quantitative modelling of financial markets, econometrics, machine learning or quantitative empirical research methods You have an excellent c
ommand of written and spoken English You have perseverance, a strong interest and enthusiasm for science and academic research     To start with, here
 are some of our strong points An almost unbelievably large variety of themes and topics and a great mix of research and teaching.,Plenty of contact w
ith eager young people from all over the world who are set on achieving things.,Curiosity is what we want, oodles of it. Plus, lots of independence an
d autonomy.,Easy exchanging of views and ideas, also across the divisional boundaries.,National and international networks and contacts with business,
 economy, society and the political world.   I'll be your guide through theapplication procedure Cédric SchmidHR BeraterP +41 31 848 67 69   Business 
School In the Business School, we offer an education with a clear practical emphasis for the digital change-makers of the future in the economy and so
ciety. Content we love to engage with includes topics such as New Work, digital business or public sector transformation.KontaktBerner Fachhochschule(
5)21 Jobshttps://www.bfh.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Softwareentwickler Java (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungLohn:C
HF 110 000 - 130 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:8052 Zürich  Bei unserem Partner kannst du deine Fähigkeiten in 
der Anwendung von modernen Technologien einsetzen und die unternehmerische Leistung von Kunden steigern. Als Teil eines interdisziplinären Teams wirst
 du an Projekten arbeiten, die sich auf die Entwicklung und Implementierung von Lösungen für komplexe Herausforderungen konzentrieren. Du wirst die Mö
glichkeit haben, dein Wissen und deine Fähigkeiten in Bereichen wie Machine Learning, Datenanalyse und Automatisierung zu erweitern und anwenden.    D
eine Aufgaben:   Unterstützung von Kunden aus den unterschiedlichsten Branchen und Projekten Beratung und Implementierung von Softwarelösungen auf Bas
is von Anwenderberichten oder Spezifikationen Beratung von Kunden bei komplizierten architektonischen und technologischen Problemen Arbeit mit klassis
chen Prozessmanagementtechniken sowie mit den agilen Arbeitsmethoden Scrum und Kanban   Dein Profil:   Abgeschlossenes Studium in Informatik oder Wirt
schaftsinformatik (ETH, FH, Uni, HF) Drei Jahre Erfahrung mit Java oder JEE Softwarelösungen Fliessende Deutschkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift auf Nive
au B2, sowie gute Englischkenntnisse Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Computer Vision EngineerSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Schli
erenComputer Vision Engineer"insightness sight for your deviceJob Profile - ComputerVision Engineer(Full-time or Internship)Insightness is a spin-off 
company of the University of Zurich and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, no
vel "Silicon Eye" vision sensor (ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to driv
ers, software and computer vision algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, 
targeted at emerging markets such as augmented reality devices. We recently released our second evaluation kit including our own camera and event-base
d visual-inertial odometry framework (https://goo.gl/F2pk5W). Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names 
we have recently signed a deal for a really exciting project. Now we are looking for skilled engineers and interns to strengthen our software team.Sho
uld you be interested in working on acutting-edge technology together with players that can change the future of computation, come and join us because
 we are one of very few places in Switzerland that allows you to do so.BenefitsJob Description e Become an integral part of a small, highly e Develop 
new event- and frame-based computer motivated and skilled team where you can have vision algorithms a major impact e Improve our existing algorithms e
 Gain insights into problems beyond software: e Integrate and deploy the algorithms in actual chip & product design, business, :  products and demonst
rate them to third parties e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility and e Characterize, profile and test new processingFreedom blocks e Working 
on cutting-edge technology forRequirements applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual and Augmented Reality e Practical experience with computer vi
sion e Work with the world's biggest and most e C++, Matlab or Python, OpenCV, Eigen, ROS influential technology companies e Fluency in English e Adva
nced problem-solving skills: identifyApplication problems, come up with novel solutions andVisit our website for more information. Submit evaluate the
ir performance your Cover letter, CV and Transcripts to our email e Ability to work efficiently and independently address to apply for this position. 
Starting date: As e Excellent communication skills soon as possible. e Highly motivated team player e Background in engineering or science withaSpinof
f ETHzürichInsightnessP strong diplomaMax-Hôggerstr. 6 E-Mail schreiben e Swiss Work Permit8048 Zürich www.insightness.com e Plus: Experience with SLA
M, Machine Learning,3D graphics, IMUs, advanced C++, git, library deployment, cross-platform developmentwww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Data Engineer 80-100% (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungLohn:CHF
 90 000 - 110 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:8001 Zürich  Bei unserem Kunden erwartet dich ein aufregender und s
innvoller Arbeitsplatz mit unendlichen Möglichkeiten, dein Wissen anzuwenden und deine Fähigkeiten weiterzuentwickeln. Du arbeitest gemeinsam mit Proj
ektmanagern, Datenwissenschaftlern, Dateningenieuren, Ingenieuren für Machine Learning und Geschäftsexperten in funktionsübergreifenden und agilen Pro
jektteams, die sich den anspruchsvollsten Herausforderungen stellen.    Deine Aufgaben:   Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Kunden bei der Entwicklung von An
alyselösungen, die ihren Geschäftsanforderungen entsprechen Aufbau und Pflege von Datenpipelines zur Unterstützung von Data-Science-Initiativen in Übe
reinstimmung mit bewährten Softwareentwicklungsverfahren Einsatz von Technologie zur Erfassung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung grosser Datenmengen   Dein Pr
ofil:   Hochschulabschluss in einem für Data Science relevanten Gebiet Die Fähigkeit, klaren, wartbaren und zuverlässigen Code in Python, Scala oder v
erwandten Sprachen zu schreiben, mit vorheriger kommerzieller Erfahrung in einer datengesteuerten Tätigkeit Fähigkeit, mit strukturierten, halbstruktu
rierten und unstrukturierten Daten zu arbeiten Mehr als 3 Jahre Erfahrung in der Datenaufbereitung für Analysen und Data Science Sehr gute Deutsch- un
d Englischkenntnisse Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Scientific Software Engineer - Data Analysis (EP-SFT-2024-55-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Apr
il 2024Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfScientific Software Engineer - Data Analysis (EP-SFT-2024-55-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the Eur
opean Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and
 most complex scientific instruments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close t
o the speed of light. The process gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find
 out more on http://home.cern.     Job Description    Introduction  Work with us to develop the future of data analysis, processing, machine learning 
and statistical interpretation of HEP data at CERN in the ROOT project, taking advantage of hardware accelerators. Join CERN's SFT group in the Experi
mental Physics Department as an applied Physicist for a unique challenge as the next step in your career. CERN, take part! The CERN EP-SFT Group, the 
common software development unit of the Experimental Physics Department, is leading the development of ROOT, an open-source framework for storing, pro
cessing, analysing and visualising of data at Exabyte scale. ROOT is a large scientific code base and an open-source project, at the heart of the soft
ware stacks of LHC experiments. Its development is collaborative, driven by collaborators from all around the world and CERN, based on code reviews, c
ontinuous integration as well as well-planned issue-based work.  Functions  As a Scientific Software Engineer, you will:  Maintain, develop and promot
e the ROOT analysis interface, adapting and evolving it to the needs of experiments and user community, with the objective to prepare it for the data 
volumes expected in the HL-LHC era. Guarantee top runtime performance of ROOT data analysis and processing components, also through the expression of 
parallelism in all forms, including the exploitation of hardware accelerators such as GPUs. Curate a simple and powerful programming model, supported 
by ergonomic interfaces, interoperable between the Python and C++ languages. Take part in the overall project organization, such as the plan of work, 
arranging for workshops, and representing the project and its vision. Engage with ROOT's worldwide user community, foster collaboration, in the SFT gr
oup, EP department and CERN, as well as external contributions, e.g. from laboratories and universities. Mentor and guide team members and coordinate 
tasks relevant to the ROOT project. Contribute to the baseline activities relative to the ROOT project and the SFT group at large.      Qualifications
   Master's degree or PhD or equivalent relevant experience in the field of Experimental Particle Physics or Computer Science or a related field.  Exp
erience:  The candidate should have experience in some of these areas:  High Energy Physics data analysis and/or processing within an experiment. High
-performance software development (C++ and Python), also leveraging GPUs (CUDA). Large collaborative software projects, relying on continuous integrat
ion, code reviews, as well as issue-based work. Tools and methods that support all phases of the life-cycle of large scientific code bases, in particu
lar design, coding, testing, and optimization of software performance. Track record of scientific publications and high-level communication (for insta
nce through invited conference presentations).  The following domains will be regarded as assets:  Proficiency in statistics, Monte Carlo event genera
tion, and machine learning applications for High Energy Physics will be advantageous. Experience in supervising and managing external contributors wil
l be advantageous.   Technical competencies:   Analysis and interpretation of experimental data Conceptualising, designing and developing user experie
nces and interfaces Knowledge and application of software life-cycle tools and procedures, including integration build and test. Knowledge of programm
ing techniques and languages: c++, Python and CUDA, as well as parallel programming techniques. Testing, diagnosing and optimization of software   Beh
avioural competencies:   Achieving Results: having a structured and organised approach towards work; being able to set priorities and plan tasks with 
results in mind. Learning and Sharing Knowledge: sharing knowledge and expertise freely and willingly with others; coaching others to ensure knowledge
 transfer. Demonstrating Flexibility: adapting quickly and resourcefully to shifting priorities and requirements. Communicating Effectively: expressin
g opinions, ideas and suggestions with conviction and in a logical/structured manner; keeping to the point.   Language skills:  Spoken and written Eng
lish: ability to understand and speak the language in professional contexts. Ability to draw-up technical specifications and/or scientific reports and
 to make oral presentations. Basic knowledge of French or an undertaking to acquire it.     Additional Information    Eligibility and closing date:   
Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workfo
rce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as poss
ible, and applications should normally reach us no later than 22.05.2024.  Employment Conditions  Contract type: Limited duration contract (3 years). 
Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. These functions require:  Work during night
s, Sundays and official holidays, when required by the needs of the Organization.  Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: EP-SFT-2024-55-LD Benchmark Job Title
: Applied Physicist BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant senior en analyse de données et en big data (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensu
m:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneConsultant senior en analyse de données et en big data (60-100%, all genders) Notre équipe transfr
ontalière Data & AI donne aux organisations les moyens de libérer le potentiel caché dans leurs données. Grâce à notre expertise approfondie en matièr
e d'analyse de données, de Machine Learning et d'intelligence artificielle, nous aidons les entreprises à exploiter la puissance de leurs données pour
 favoriser une prise de décision éclairée et obtenir des résultats transformateurs.    Que ce soit par le biais d'analyses avancées, de modélisation p
rédictive ou de solutions d'IA générative, nous permettons aux entreprises d'obtenir des informations précieuses, d'optimiser les processus et d'innov
er dans divers secteurs.    En rejoignant Eraneos, vous ferez partie d'une équipe dynamique, qui façonne l'avenir des données et de l'IA, et qui aura 
un impact profond sur la réussite de nos clients. Ensemble, embrassons les possibilités des données et de l'IA et créons un avenir plus radieux grâce 
à l'innovation et aux technologies de pointe.    Voici le poste – Tes tâches principales chez Eraneos    Assistance à l'acquisition et co-conception d
e mandats de conseil.   Gestion de projets d'analyse de données et mandats de conseil en transformation de données ainsi que des projets axés sur le t
hème des grandes données.   Conseil dans les domaines d'activité Solutions et tendances analytiques, Data Science Lab & Services, Data Driven Transfor
mation et Data Engineering.   Collaboration à la poursuite du développement du laboratoire de données Eraneos avec les technologies Big Data.      Ce 
poste est pour toi si    Diplôme universitaire (ETH, Uni, FH) en sciences des données, statistique, informatique, génie électrique ou physique.   L'ac
cent mis sur l'étude ou la recherche et une formation supplémentaire en analyse de données/apprentissage machine sont un avantage.   Au moins 4 ans d'
expérience en consultation et/ou en gestion de projet dans des projets pratiques (pas de recherche).   Au moins 4 ans d'expérience en Analytique et Bi
g Data.   Expérience pratique dans les architectures de grandes données et d'analyse.   Esprit d'équipe avec de bonnes aptitudes à la communication.  
 Volonté de se familiariser rapidement avec de nouveaux sujets et de nouvelles industries.      Compétence complémentaire    Expériences avec la virtu
alisation des données.   Expérience dans la gestion et la gouvernance des données.   Expérience dans l'élaboration de stratégies de numérisation.     
Nous nous réjouissons de recevoir ta candidature directe via notre site Internet. Pour que nous puissions la prendre en compte, nous avons besoin de t
on dossier de candidature complet (CV, lettre de motivation, diplômes et certificats de travail) au format PDF.   Notre équipe de recrutement se tient
 à ta disposition pour tout renseignement complémentaire (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).   Nous n’acceptons pas les candidatures des prestataires de services d
e personnel.   Notre première priorité est que tu nous conviennes et que nous te convenions, quels que soient ton origine, ta nationalité, ton orienta
tion sexuelle, ta religion, ton identité de genre, ton âge, ton handicap ou tout autre aspect de la diversité. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobs
https://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant Data & Analytics 80 - 100 % (w/m/d)Bechtle Schweiz AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:Mägenwil, CH, 5506Senior Consultant Data & Analytics 80 - 100 % (w/m/d)Stellen-Nr.:  77650 Gesellschaft:  Bechtle Schweiz AG Einsatzort(
e): Mägenwil, CH, 5506 Bereit für alles? Bereit für Bechtle. Mit über 15.000 Mitarbeitenden sind wir eines der erfolgreichsten IT-Unternehmen und Mark
tführer in unserer Branche. Die Kombination aus Direktvertrieb von IT-Produkten mit umfassenden Systemhausdienstleistungen macht uns zum zukunftsstark
en IT-Partner für Mittelstand, Konzerne und öffentliche Auftraggeber. Wir sind zu Hause in ganz Europa und immer in der Nähe. Senior Consultant Data &
 Analytics 80 - 100 % (w/m/d) Deine Aufgaben Entwurf und Konzeption technischer Lösungen in einem oder mehreren der folgenden Bereiche: AI, Data Wareh
ouse, Data Lake, Machine Learning, IoT. Entwicklung von Lösungen für Datenintegration, -speicherung, -qualitätssicherung, -analyse und -visualisierung
, wobei hauptsächlich die Data Services der Azure Platform genutzt werden. Bewertung und Spezifizierung von Anforderungen, Teilnahme an Pre-Sales Akti
vitäten und Erstellung von Antworten auf Ausschreibungen Leidenschaft für Daten und Freude neue Lösungen z.B. mittels «Proof of Concepts» auszuprobier
en um das entstandene Knowhow mittels Wissenstransfer in Form von Artikeln, Webinaren, Demonstrationen usw. sicherzustellen Professionelles Begleiten 
von Kundenprojekten in Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Partnern Dein Profil Bachelor oder Master in Informatik, Informationssystemen, oder gleichwertig, un
d mindestens 5 Jahre Erfahrung in der Umsetzung von Data & Analytics Projekten Beherrschung der Azure Data Platform (ein oder mehrere Dienste wie Syna
pse, Data Factory, Data Lake, Machine Learning, IoT Hub, usw.) sowie Power BI und der Microsoft BI on-prem Tools (SSIS, SSAS, usw.). Kenntnisse andere
r BI-Plattformen sind von Vorteil Du hast Erfahrung mit der Spezifizierung von Anforderungen und kannst diese in technische Lösungen umsetzen Du arbei
test gerne im Team, bist aber bei Bedarf auch selbstständig Überzeugendes Auftreten und Kommunikation in Deutsch und Englisch, Französisch ist von Vor
teil Unser Angebot Moderne Arbeitsbedingungen (z.B. Flache Hierarchien und kurze Entscheidungswege, agiles und kollaboratives Umfeld, Hybrides Arbeite
n, 30 Tage Ferien) Konzernweiter Austausch auf Augenhöhe im Experten-Netzwerk Spannende Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten und Zugang zur Bechtle-Akademie Chan
ce, proaktiv das Data & Analytics Angebot zu gestalten und auszubauen, Interaktion mit Firmenkunden aus verschiedenen Branchen, interessante Projekte 
Unternehmertum, Förderung innovativer Ideen, eine super Stimmung und fachlicher Austausch im Team, Start-up Mentalität innerhalb eines renommierten Un
ternehmens Als ein führender IT-Dienstleister der Schweiz sind wir für kleine und mittelständige Unternehmen, Großkunden sowie öffentliche Institution
en der Partner erster Wahl für Consulting, IT-Infrastruktur, Cloud-Lösungen, IT-Services und Software. Unser Angebot umfasst von der Beratung über die
 Umsetzung bis zum Betrieb den gesamten IT-Life-Cycle. Unsere Kunden profitieren von höchsten Partnerzertifizierungen bei den meisten namhaften Herste
llern. Mit über 600 Mitarbeitern an neun Standorten sind wir für unsere Kunden ein zuverlässiger und nachhaltiger Partner, der sie in sämtlichen Belan
gen der IT mit Kompetenz und Erfahrung unterstützt.    Jasmin Röhm | Recruiting | hr.ch@bechtle.com     Bereit für all das? Jetzt über unser Online-Be
werbungstool bewerben, auch ohne Anschreiben. Profilvorschläge von Personaldienstleistern und Bewerbungen per E-Mail können wir leider nicht berücksic
htigen. Jetzt bewerben » KontaktBechtle Schweiz AG, Systemhaus Deutschschweiz(0)33 Jobshttps://www.bechtle.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichResearch Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingResearch Assistant in Generative AI fo
r Morphology Optimization of Assistive Devices 80%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a d
ifference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us at the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of cl
inical and research scientists is dedicated to improving healthcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop de
cision support systems in rehabilitation in many health conditions. This position is open for a research engineer in the field of generative design fo
r exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a novel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the desig
n to the desired assistance. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful engineer. The po
sition is fully funded for 2 years. A potential extension to a doctoral position can be considered upon performance. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (o
r shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage advanced machine learning to develop an automated design process of 
mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations embedded in the generative mechanism design process. As a team membe
r, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative technologies for patient usage, and developing standard
ization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil an
d an industrial in our shared project. Job description Wiithin thjs project you will leverage advanced 3D shape construction through generative design
 for the structural improvement of walking aids and biomechanical fitting to the user morphology, developing a software solution that integexpert know
ledge included in the design and fabrication. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for innovation, we want to hear fro
m you. Join us and help shape the future of 3D design and additive manufacturing for mechanical and mechatronic aids. Your profile  You have experienc
e in mesh, and CAD with a Master's degree from a university in Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, Highly mot
ivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance in your studies. CAD, 3D modelling and experience in shape analysis such as surface and topology 
consistency (preferred) Confirmed records on one of the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI. (preferred) Proven tra
ck record in deploying machine learning models into production (C/C++/C# or Python) You have first-rate oral and written English skills. Highly organi
zed with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer To become part of an ambitious, research team offer
ing an outstanding research environment, full access to extensive facilities and great team spirit in close collaboration with international academia 
and industrial partners. This is a unique opportunity to be at the forefront of cutting-edge research in AI for human modelling and fitting, working w
ith state-of-the-art technology and collaborating with a highly motivated research and industrial team. We offer a full-time research assistant/engine
er position (100% or as agreed ) with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Work location ETH Zurich / Nottwil with flexibility for r
emote work possible. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a sin
gle file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is
 transparent or null" One code example with documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' con
tact information  Applications will be processed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted
 through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found 
on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich C
urious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a single file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of
 interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" One code example wi
th documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' contact information  Applications will be pr
ocessed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. A
pplications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the p
osition should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


Talent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyWüest Partner AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:ZürichTalent Community - Data, Analytics & TechnologyTalent Community - Data, Analytics & Technology  Full-time  Company Description Wüest Partner 
is an innovative and independent service provider in the real estate industry. Since 1985, we have been creating a sound basis for decision-making by 
combining expertise, data and digital solutions. We lead the industry with comprehensive services in the areas of consulting, valuation, data, product
s, publications and education to help our clients gain new perspectives and create sustainable value. Wüest Partner as a group employs 500 people at 1
5 locations in Europe, with headquarters in Switzerland. The subsidiaries Durable, Datahouse, QualiCasa and Signa-Terre belong to the group. Job Descr
iption Become part of our Data, Analytics & Technology Talent Community! We are always looking for university graduates who share our enthusiasm for d
ata, analytics and technology. You haven't found the right job with us yet, but would still like to become part of our talent community? Maybe you wer
e at an event and got to know us directly and would now like to stay in touch with us? Then we look forward to receiving your CV! (Please be aware, th
at the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Your Challenge Our proprietary digital products and sol
utions provide direct access to our real estate market data assets. With our knowledge, our digital competence and our culture of innovation, we devel
op products that open up new dimensions for our clients. Whether it's the further development of our SaaS solution Wüest Dimensions or forecasting mod
els and modelling, we want your ideas on board! Qualifications Your Profile  University degree (Bachelor, Master, PhD) in an analytical or statistical
 background / in Natural Sciences or Engineering Interest in real estate-related topics and data analytics, technologies such as machine learning, art
ificial intelligence and big data Digital affinity, strong communication skills (fluent in English and German)  Additional Information Our Benefits  A
ttractive employment conditions with variable remuneration component Flexible Work Smart concept with home office flexibility up to 50% Professional a
nd collegial corporate culture with great events (company celebrations, croissant breaks, etc.) High team spirit, flat hierarchies and varied tasks Mo
dern offices in the centres of Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva Generous training budget including time for this as well as other attractive fringe bene
fits  The Recruitment Process As soon as you join our community, you will receive regular updates on open positions, programmes and recruiting events 
at Wüest Partner. There is also the possibility that we may contact you directly with a potential position that we are currently recruiting for. (Plea
se be aware, that the Talent Community is not an active position, but a possibility to stay in touch with us) Work Location We are open to various loc
ations in Switzerland, for example in Zurich, Bern, Lugano or Geneva. Contact If you have any questions, please contact our Talent Acquisition Team at
 E-Mail schreiben. We look forward to hearing from you! LI-DNIKontaktWüest Partner AG(4)12 Jobshttps://www.wuestpartner.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Commercial Legal Counsel with Aviation Experience 60%-100%Daedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichCommercial Legal Counsel with Aviation Experience 60%-100%Daedalean is a leading player in building autonomous piloting software 
systems for general aviation, civil aircraft and urban air mobility of today and advanced aerial mobility of tomorrow. The company has 150+ people wit
h expertise in machine learning, robotics, computer vision, path planning, as well as aviation-grade software engineering, certification, safety asses
sment, and flight testing. We have offices in Zürich, Switzerland, Riga, Latvia, and Phoenix, Arizona (US).    Are you interested in supporting a vari
ety of projects from a legal perspective in a fast-paced and dynamic environment? You have the chance with us. You will play an important role from da
y one and can contribute to different areas and develop your own career. You will be part of a small, passionate and dedicated legal team of three peo
ple based at our headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. \n      What we offer:  Exciting company in a welcoming and international environment. Good work
ing atmosphere, no rigid structures and flat hierarchy. A role with a high degree of personal responsibility and independence. The opportunity to acti
vely shape and develop your role/job. Free use of David's Gym (in the same building). Be there as we push the boundaries of what is possible and make 
aviation history.     Your tasks and responsibilities  You provide legal advice on procurement projects and customer contracts as well as legal and st
rategic advice to project teams and management, negotiation of agreements, support to drafting of agreements and templates, analysis and advice on cla
ims and general legal/contractual matters. You have experience and deal with general certification and regulatory issues in the aviation industry, inc
luding Dual-Use and Export Control related issues, with internal and external (e.g., EASA / FAA) stakeholders. You contribute to the adaptation of con
tracts and company processes to new legal developments and requirements.  You anticipate and identify legal risks deriving from projects, contracts or
 transactions and provide legal advice to mitigate such risks.  You will be encouraged to diversify your experience over time by supporting different 
business areas, such as IP and Corporate Law, in line with the strategic objectives of the Legal Department.     Desired skills and qualifications:  Y
ou finished your law degree and are fully qualified and licensed lawyer under Swiss law or another jurisdiction. You have gained several years of rele
vant experience as in-house legal counsel or in a law firm in the aviation sector.  You are experienced in contract negotiation and drafting in an int
ernational context.  You bring a profound understanding of the business environment with a good ability to think strategically.  You have an analytica
l, proactive and pragmatic mindset with a problem-solving attitude.  You bring strong written and interpersonal English communication and negotiation 
skills combined with a team player attitude.  Experience with IT/Digital legal matters is a plus.     \n Not a 100% match? Don’t worry - we support yo
ur personal and professional growth with customized development solutions and are looking forward to receiving your application at hr@daedalean.ai Kon
taktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedalean.ai/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Theoretical Physicist (TH-SP-2023-184-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:GenfTheoretical Physicist (TH-SP-2023-184-LD)    Company Description   At CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, physi
cists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific instruments, they stu
dy the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The process gives physic
ists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cern.     Job Descrip
tion    Introduction  The CERN Theoretical Physics Department (CERN-TH) is seeking candidates for a Limited Duration (up to 5 years) research staff. P
osition, dedicated to the  development and deployment of novel quantum-simulation algorithms. The position is in the context of the Next Generation Tr
iggers Project  (NGT). We are looking for outstanding theoretical physicists who can also connect these activities to the group’s existing research ac
tivities in particle physics and related areas.  Core objectives:  quantum simulations on classical hardware; develop tensor network algorithms for qu
antum many-body problems; develop and deploy quantum circuit simulations for large systems O(100) qubits; develop quantum machine learning models for 
trigger applications; prototype tensor network simulations on FPGA using hls4ml.   Functions  Your main functions will include:  Engagement in co-deve
lopment partnerships with experts in the EP and IT Departments of CERN, as well as with academia and industry to accelerate the achievement of the obj
ectives; Reporting on the progress towards fulfilling specific work packages on a regular basis, and be active and communicate within the wider range 
of NGT activities; Making significant contributions to theoretical research related to elementary particle physics; Participating in and initiating a 
large variety of activities within the Theoretical Physics Department and possibly in collaboration with the experimental physicists working at CERN. 
     Qualifications   PhD or equivalent relevant experience in the field of theoretical physics or a related field.  Experience:   Demonstrated post-d
octoral research activities which have led to scientific publications in peer-reviewed journals; Evidence of ability to make significant contributions
 to the work of the Organization.   Technical competencies:   Knowledge and application of computational and mathematical physics; Knowledge and appli
cation of particle physics, phenomenology; Thorough knowledge of theoretical physics; Proven track record in algorithm development for quantum computi
ng.   Behavioural competencies:   Achieving Results; Solving Problems; Building Relationships; Creating Vision and Strategic Partnerships.   Language 
skills:  Spoken and written English: ability to draw-up technical specifications and/or scientific reports and to make oral presentations.     Additio
nal Information    Eligibility and closing date:   Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established va
lue of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We welcome applications from all Member States and Associate Member 
States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as possible, and applications should normally reach us no later than CEST midday 31.01.2024.   Employment 
Conditions  Contract type: Limited duration contract (5 years). Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-duration contracts may apply for an 
indefinite position. Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: TH-SP-2023-184-LD Benchmark Job Title: Theoretical Physicist BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:Basel, ZürichManager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingManager & Senior Manager in Life Sciences Quality Ma
nagement Consulting     Your Impact   Help sell, lead and, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders from
 high-profile clients in the life sciences industry. Help develop new ideas and propositions to share with clients to secure new and expand existing p
rojects. Projects typically include the design and implementation of new technologies, quality systems processes, operating models, digital strategies
 and ways of working across R&D, manufacturing / supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through changing quality cult
ure / mind-sets, improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The out
comes we help clients deliver include driving faster development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data throug
h advanced analytics and machine learning, improving quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all those across R&D, m
anufacturing and commercial, with particular focus on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical affairs. The role
 will also work closely with our consulting teams covering commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value chain. Work wi
th international clients and we will provide you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad. Be 
collaborating with PwC's global network of Life Sciences experts, you will have access to our market leading propositions, methodologies, assets and t
raining materials. Work in a fast growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiality, strong team spirit, winning as team not as an indi
vidual.     Your Skill Set   Bachelor's or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus around 6 years' experience working in life sciences, w
ithin R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company. Out of the 6 years you have at least 3 years experiences working as a consultant. I
n consulting, you will have experience in working & running large transformation projects, with experience in developing new propositions and developi
ng new work. From industry, you will have been exposed to many of the key steps of improving quality in regulated business functions. Exposure in inno
vations in technology/cloud/RWD/NLP that drove/could drive business performance, simplification and/or patient centricity in the health industries and
 markets. Exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality syste
m design / improvement / maintenance, process improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics technologies in a GxP regulated environme
nt. Pay attention to detail, have strong problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. Excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening an
d communication skills. Fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clien
ts. Passionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with clients and colleagues after work.     Any questions? We are happy to help.  Fra
ncisca Richter    About PwC  PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international P
wC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services. Ko
ntaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Director in Life Sciences Quality ManagementPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDirec
tor in Life Sciences Quality ManagementAs one of the leading global professional services firms, PwC offers a wide range of consulting services across
 various industries, helping organisations navigate complex challenges and achieve their strategic goals. We work closely with clients to provide tail
ored solutions that address their specific needs, whether it's developing innovative strategies, improving operational efficiency, or leveraging emerg
ing technologies.  Director in Life Sciences Quality Management    Your Impact •	Sell, lead and, together with the team, deliver high-impact projects 
engaging with senior stakeholders from high-profile clients in the life sciences industry.•	Develop new ideas and propositions to share with clients t
o secure new and expand existing projects. The projects typically include the design and implementation of new technologies, quality system processes,
 operating models, digital strategies and ways of working. They also include driving business performance through changing quality culture / mindsets,
 improving processes and procedures, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The outcomes we help ou
r clients to deliver are accelerating development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data through advanced anal
ytics and machine learning, and improving quality and compliance amongst many others.•	Cover functions all across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, i
ncluding quality management, regulatory affairs, product safety and medical affairs. You will also work closely with our consulting teams covering com
mercial, market access, supply chain and other functions across the life sciences value chain.•	Working with international clients and we will give yo
u the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad.•	Drive the growth of our capabilities and the team
 strongly collaborating with PwC's global network of life sciences experts and leveraging our market-leading propositions, methodologies, assets and t
raining materials.•	Working in a fast-growing environment, which is driven by respect, collegiality, and strong team spirit (winning as team not as an
 individual).   Your Skill Set •	Having a master's degree in a science-related discipline plus around 9 years' experience working in life sciences, ei
ther as a consultant or within quality in R&D, manufacturing or commercial at a life sciences company.•	As experienced hire, you have a solid track re
cord in delivering and overachieving on your projects and you can rely on your network in the life sciences industry.•	In consulting, you have experie
nce in running large transformation projects and developing new propositions and work. In the industry, you have been exposed to many of the key steps
 of improving quality in regulated business functions that operate along the value chain.•	Having exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data p
rivacy/protection, digital strategy development, operating model design, quality system design/improvement/maintenance, process improvement, technolog
y implementation and digital and analytics technologies in a GxP-regulated environment.   Any questions? We are happy to help. Francisca Richter   Abo
ut PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advisory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help or
ganisations and individuals to deliver solutions and sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Manager - Technology Consulting - Technology TransformationAls Experte für Technologiestrategie und -Transforma
tion bei EY wirst du massgeblich dazu beitragen, die Zukunft unserer Kunden zu gestalten, ihre Betriebsmodelle und Anwendungsumgebungen zu transformie
ren und zu optimieren, um in einer sich wandelnden digitalen Welt erfolgreich zu sein. Deine Beiträge werden entscheidend sein, um robuste Technologie
- und digitale Transformationen zu ermöglichen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Kunden mit modernen Lösungen und nachhaltigen Strategien 'fit für die 
Zukunft' sind. Schliesse dich uns an, um einen Unterschied zu machen, während wir Industriestandards neu definieren und unsere Kunden in eine visionär
e Zukunft führen.   Deine Hauptaufgaben   Expertise in aufkommenden Technologietrends wie Cloud Computing, Datenanalyse, Machine Learning und Künstlic
he Intelligenz; Bewertung deren Einflüsse auf die Marktdynamik, Kundenbetrieb und potenzielle Geschäftsmodelle. Unterstützung von technologiezentriert
en Geschäftstransformationen mit agilen und traditionellen Projektmanagement Ansätzen. Leitung und Unterstützung von technologiegetriebenen Initiative
n durch Koordination der Ressourcen- und Aktivitätenplanung und der Erstellung von Lieferobjekten. Steuerung von (IT-)Kostenreduzierungsprogrammen dur
ch die Identifizierung von Effizienzsteigerungsbereichen und die Optimierung von Ausgaben. Durchführung und Unterstützung von Assessments, Design- und
 IT-Implementierungsprojekten. Effektive Kommunikation und Präsentation von Arbeitsergebnissen/Leistungen/Erfolgen gegenüber Stakeholdern, Kunden und 
dem höheren Management. Engagement und Beitrag zu dynamischen, multidisziplinären Teamumgebungen durch aktive Zusammenarbeit.     Deine Kompetenzen   
Mindestens 8-10 Jahre Erfahrung im Finanzdienstleistungssektor und in der Management Beratung mit Schwerpunkt auf technologie-/digitale Transformation
. Eine Leidenschaft für Informationstechnologien, digitale Innovation, Unternehmenstransformation und Finanzdienstleistungen. Ein Abschluss in Wirtsch
aftsinformatik, Informationstechnologie, oder Betriebswirtschaft mit starker Technologieaffinität (oder gleichwertig). Nachgewiesene Problemlösungs- u
nd analytische Denkfähigkeit und Anpassungsfähigkeit. Umfangreiche Erfahrung in der Identifizierung von Geschäftsproblemen sowie die Fähigkeit, Lösung
sansätze, Optionen und Designs zu definieren. Grundlagen/Erfahrung in der Programmierung sind von Vorteil. Ausgeprägte Problemlösungsfähigkeit und gut
es Business Judgment. Starke schriftliche und mündliche Kommunikationsfähigkeit auf Deutsch und auf Englisch mit der Fähigkeit, effektiv auf allen Man
agementebenen und mit Partnern aus einer Vielzahl von Geschäftsfunktionen zu kommunizieren.     Was wir bieten:  EY Schweiz bietet Dir die Möglichkeit
, in einem vielfältigen und integrativen Umfeld mit rund 3'000 Mitarbeitenden aus 64 verschiedenen Ländern zu arbeiten. Du wirst mit den Besten zusamm
enarbeiten, von den Besten lernen und Dich ständig weiterentwickeln, denn wir investieren einen bedeutenden Teil unseres Jahresumsatzes in die persönl
iche Entwicklung und Weiterbildung unserer Mitarbeitenden.  Hier erfährst Du mehr über unsere Benefits und unsere Corporate Social Responsibility.   H
aben wir Dein Interesse geweckt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Lebenslauf, Motivationsschreiben, Arbeitszeugnis
sen und Diplomen. Für weitere Informationen kannst Du Dich gerne an unser Recruiting Team wenden (E-Mail schreiben / +41 58 286 33 66).    The excepti
onal EY experience. It’s yours to build.     EY | Building a better working world  EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-t
erm value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countri
es provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transact
ions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://
www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Wissenschaftliche:r Mitarbeiter:in Forschungsschwerpunkt Sicherheitskritische Systeme 70-100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften
ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Eng
iWissenschaftliche:r Mitarbeiter:in Forschungsschwerpunkt Sicherheitskritische Systeme 70-100 % | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschafte
nWissenschaftliche:r Mitarbeiter:in Forschungsschwerpunkt Sicherheitskritische Systeme 70-100 % Sie kennen sich mit Künstlicher Intelligenz (KI) aus u
nd haben Interesse an neuen komplexen Technologien im sicherheitskritischen Einsatz? Werden Sie Teil unseres Teams und gestalten Sie eine Zukunft mit 
sicheren KI-basierten Systemen mit! Departement: School of Engineering Arbeitsbeginn: per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung Die ausgeschriebene Position u
mfasst ein vielfältiges Aufgabenspektrum:  Mitarbeit, Leitung und Akquise von angewandten Forschungs- und Entwicklungsprojekten im Bereich sicherheits
kritischer KI-basierter Systeme mit Partnern aus weiteren Instituten der SoE, der Industrie und regulatorischen Stellen Fachliche Betreuung und Anleit
ung von Wissenschaftlichen Assistierenden in Forschungsprojekten und Studierenden in Projekt-, Bachelor- und Masterarbeiten Aufbau und Erstellung sowi
e Mitwirkung bei der Durchführung von Weiterbildungsangeboten Unterstützung bei der Durchführung von Lehrveranstaltungen in Bachelor- und Masterstudiu
m Publikation der Ergebnisse in Fachzeitschriften und Präsentation an Konferenzen  Für diese Position suchen wir eine Persönlichkeit mit einem Hochsch
ulabschluss in Mathematik, Physik, Informatik oder einer anderen Ingenieurwissenschaft. Sie bringen fundierte Erfahrungen in der Anwendung von Python-
Frameworks für Machine Learning (ML) Projekte mit, sind mit den aktuellen Methoden und Trends im Bereich des maschinellen Lernens vertraut und zeigen 
ein kontinuierliches Interesse an der Weiterentwicklung Ihres Wissens. Sie verfügen über umfassende Kenntnisse in der Entwicklung und Verifikation von
 KI-Systemen, insbesondere in den Bereichen Fault Prediction und Robustness. Darüber hinaus haben Sie Erfahrungen im Bereich Visual Computing und sind
 interessiert, diese in sicherheitskritischen ML-Projekten einzusetzen. Zusätzlich besitzen Sie die Fähigkeit, komplexe Problemstellungen zu erkennen 
und zu analysieren, innovative Lösungsansätze in enger Zusammenarbeit mit internen Partnern aus unseren Schwesterinstituten (insbesondere dem Center f
or Artificial Intelligence, dem Institut für Informatik und dem Institute of Embedded Systems) zu entwickeln und diese mit unseren externen Projektpar
tnern umzusetzen. Sie zeichnen sich durch ein Flair für ergebnisorientiertes, wissenschaftliches Arbeiten in einem heterogenen und interdisziplinären 
Umfeld aus. Die ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften ist mit über 14'000 Studierenden und rund 3'400 Mitarbeitenden eine der grössten
 Mehrsparten-Fachhochschulen der Schweiz. Als eine der führenden Bildungs- und Forschungsinstitutionen der Schweiz setzt die School of Engineering (So
E) auf Zukunftsthemen. 14 Institute und Zentren garantieren qualitativ hochstehende Ausbildung, Forschung und Entwicklung mit Schwerpunkten in den Ber
eichen Energie, Mobilität, Information und Gesundheit. An der School of Engineering beteiligt sich das Institut für Angewandte Mathematik und Physik (
IAMP) am Grundlagenunterricht in Mathematik und Physik und betreibt Forschung und Entwicklung in den Schwerpunkten Angewandte Optik, Applied Complex S
ystems Science, Sicherheitskritische Systeme sowie Wissenschaftliches Rechnen und Algorithmik. Im Schwerpunkt Sicherheitskritische Systeme forschen wi
r an Methoden zur Entwicklung und Analyse sicherheitskritischer komplexer soziotechnologischer Systeme und wenden diese, zusammen mit internen und ext
ernen Partnern, bei der Realisierung und Verifikation solcher Systeme in einem branchenübergreifenden Umfeld an. Die ZHAW setzt sich für geschlechterg
emischte und diverse Teams ein, um Gleichstellung, Vielfalt und Innovation zu fördern. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingunge
n an und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der We
bseite «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Dr. Monika Reif Schwerpunktleiterin Sicherheitskritische Systeme Tanja Schmid
 Recruiting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager - Business Consulting - Digital Supply Chain PlanningErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:8005 ZurichManager - Business Consulting - Digital Supply Chain Planning       The opportunity  OurConsultingbusiness offers a broad 
range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-value and trusted advice to clients, combining end to end supply chain stra
tegy, procurement and product portfolio management.In the area of Supply Chain & Operations you will accompany organizations in the implementation of 
company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning programs - from strategy and concept to development and implementation.    Your key responsibilities   A
ccompany organizations in the implementation of company-wide end-to-end Supply Chain planning programs - from strategy and concept to development and 
implementation. Support CSCOs and COOs of some of the leading global companies in designing and implementing their Supply Chain planning transformatio
ns as the world becomes digital, consumer needs change and the shape of the supply networks fundamentally changes Play a central role delivering trans
formation as well as advising our clients and their business partners on how to continue to drive top line and bottom-line improvements specifically i
n the area of Supply Chain Planning: effectively manage and synchronize customer demand, supply chain assets, and working capital to drive and deliver
 improvements in customer service levels, supply chain costs, and working capital    The functional scope includes the entirety of the planning domain
: demand planning and forecasting including machine learning, supply planning, inventory planning, distribution requirement planning, MRP, allocation,
 detailed scheduling including line constraints and CRP, and the overarching S&OE, and S&OP / IBP processes.    Support from strategy creation to impl
ementation of supply chain digital and analytics capabilities working closely with Technology, Transactions, PLM and Sustainability teams Maintain an 
understanding of advancements in technology and innovations which are happening across digital, analytics, the supply chain ecosystem and broader mark
etplace Support the business in developing EY knowledge and concepts for our practice, whilst also actively establishing, maintaining and strengthenin
g internal and external relationships Establish and strengthen client relationships with the CSCO, as well as COO, CFO, CPO, and Operations executives
     Skills and attributes for success   6+ years of experience at a top tier management consulting and/or project leadership experience in the indust
ry in complex and significant transformation programs within Supply Chain. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, rigorous working methods, hig
h motivation and an entrepreneurial and customer-oriented mindset Proven project management experience, with ability to lead and mobilize cross-functi
onal teams and deliver complex and high-impact programs Sector experience in Consumer Products and/or Life Sciences industries  Empathetic personality
, excellent team leadership skills and enjoy working in a collaborative and inclusive environment A strong interest in digital and some working experi
ence with tools such asSAP IBP, OMP, o9 , E2Open, BlueYonder, Kinaxis, Logility, Aera, RPA / ML / intelligent automation and ERP systems Experience in
 project sales activities, e.g. proposal creation / business development, and understanding of business metrics Excellent English skills and fluent in
 either German (preferred) or French – additional languages are assets  Ideally Zurich-based with flexibility & willingness to travel regionally and g
lobally A degree in supply chain, business administration, industrial engineering with top results KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.
ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PostDoc in Health AIUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostDoc in Health 
AIThe University of Zurich together with the University Hospital of Zurich are embarking on a concerted effort to develop informatics programs to adva
nce biomedical research and healthcare using cutting edge computational approaches. As part of these efforts, the Chair of Medical Informatics (krauth
ammerlab) investigates topics in clinical data science and translational bioinformatics, such as knowledge discovery from Big Data sources (Electronic
 Medical Records, health registries) as well as the analysis of human Omics data.  PostDoc in Health AI    Your responsibilities We are currently look
ing for a motivated PostDoc in Health AI who will work at the intersection of computation, biology and medicine. Particularly, the candidate will supp
ort our ongoing work in applying AI to the space of genetic engineering, including the prediction of base editor outcomes, the optimization of base ed
itors and the optimal use of base editors in complex genetic diseases (see recent publications [1,2,3,4]). This work is part of the University Researc
h Priority Program (URPP) "Human Reproduction Reloaded"  The PostDoc will be involved in other ongoing lab activities (particularly the supervision of
 junior lab members and some teaching activities) and will be an integral part of the URPP research community. We offer an interdisciplinary research 
environment, the possibility to direct your own research, access to state-of-the-art computational resources' infrastructure (further details are list
ed below) and a formidable place to grow academically.   Your profile   PhD degree in computer science (focused on machine learning), optimization, st
atistics, applied math, computational biology or closely related discipline. Strong publication record with at least one paper in top-tier conferences
/journals (such as NeurIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR, AISTATS, AAAI, ICLR, KDD, IJCAI, ML4H, Nature Communications, Nature Biotechnology, etc.) Proficient in P
ython and the scientific computing stack (SciPy, Numpy, Scikit- learn, pandas) Proficient in one of the deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow)
 Prior health- and biology- related computational work is a plus.     What we offer   Access to state-of-the-art infrastructure (computational resourc
es), clinical datasets and medical expertise domain-knowledge (excellent medical doctors and research scientists) Ability to make a real and tangible 
impact in healthcare research Solve real-world problems and improve hospital-related processes and workflow Stimulating research environment and a pla
ce to grow academically and professionally Outstanding working conditions at the University of Zurich  References: 1- Mathis, N., Allam, A., Kissling,
 L. et al. Predicting prime editing efficiency and product purity by deep learning. Nat Biotechnol 41, 1151–1159 (2023). https://doi.org/10.1038/s4158
7-022-01613-7  2- Nicolas Mathis, Ahmed Allam, András Tálas, Elena Benvenuto, Ruben Schep, Tanav Damodharan, Zsolt Balázs, Sharan Janjuha, Lukas Schmi
dheini, Desirée Böck, Bas van Steensel, Michael Krauthammer, Gerald Schwank. Predicting prime editing efficiency across diverse edit types and chromat
in contexts with machine learning. bioRxiv 2023.10.09.561414; doi: https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.10.09.561414   3- Mollaysa, A., Allam, A., & Krauthamm
er, M. (2023). Attention-based Multi-task Learning for Base Editor Outcome Prediction. ML4H Findings Track Collection, https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.0763
6   4- Marquart, K.F., Allam, A., Janjuha, S. et al. Predicting base editing outcomes with an attention-based deep learning algorithm trained on high-
throughput target library screens. Nat Commun 12, 5114 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-021-25375-z     Further information  E-Mail schreiben Ko
ntaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Developer Backend (m/w/d)Körber Pharma Packaging AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
GrabsSoftware Developer Backend (m/w/d)Software Developer Backend (m/w/d) Grabs, CH Software Developer Backend (m/w/d) Mit modernster Technologie und 
innovativem Design produzieren wir High-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinen und entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharmabranche, wie den Line Optimizer. Es e
rwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue Wege und Optimierungen des digitalen Sh
opfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt. Deine Rolle in unserem Team  Entwurf, Optimierung und Implementierung komplexer Backend-System
e, Architekturen und Schnittstellen (REST-API’s) Requirements Engineering, technisches Design und Entwicklung neuer Features Fehlerbehebung und zeitna
he Lösung komplexer technischer Probleme im Kundensupport Zusammenarbeit mit DevOps-Teams, um die reibungslose Bereitstellung von Software-Releases zu
 gewährleisten Durchführung von Code Reviews Einbringen eigener Ideen im Produktinnovationsprozess Mitarbeit an Gesamtlösungen und Themen wie IoT, Aut
omation, Machine Learning Konsequente Anwendung der Vorgaben des SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Qualitätsplans  Dein Profil Wir suchen einen v
erantwortungsbewussten Teamplayer, der sich für die Entwicklung komplexer Anwendungslösungen im Softwareumfeld begeistert. Du bist kreativ, innovativ 
und motiviert neue Herausforderungen anzunehmen und voranzutreiben.  Berufsausbildung oder Studium im Bereich Informatik (HF, FH, Universität) Sehr gu
te Kenntnisse in Java und SQL Datenbanken Kenntnisse in Python, Git, IntelliJ, Jira, Enterprise Architect, JavaScript und VueJS von Vorteil Erfahrung 
mit Kommunikationsprotokollen im Maschinenbau (OPC-UA) von Vorteil Versiert im Umgang mit agilen Methoden und in der Implementierung von funktionsmodu
larer Software Kenntnisse der Pharmarichtlinie GAMP5 von Vorteil Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeit in Deutsch und Englisch  Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Kör
ber Am Körber-Standort in Grabs entwickeln wir seit über 40 Jahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovative Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Di
vidella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die technologische Kreativität unserer m
odularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen. Deine Vorteile  Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben in einem modernen technischen Umfeld,
 die «Techniker-Herzen»  höher schlagen lässt  Flexible Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner W
eiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmenevents, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.  Bist Du bereit in die spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt ei
nzutauchen? Dann bewirb Dich jetzt! Recruitment-Team Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E-Mail schreiben kontaktieren. Wir arb
eiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder Telefon abzusehen. Bitte sende uns Dei
ne Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerberportal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu. Recruiter: Angela Rutz Job Req ID: 4654 Wir wertschätzen Vie
lfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabhängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herkunft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behin
derung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Identität. Bei technischen Problemen kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter der angegebenen Rufnummer. Körber
 Pharma ist ein Geschäftsfeld des internationalen Technologiekonzerns Körber, der weltweit rund 12.000 Mitarbeiter an mehr als 100 Standorten beschäft
igt. Das Körber-Geschäftsfeld Pharma bietet ein einzigartiges Portfolio aus integrierten Lösungen, die entlang der gesamten Pharma-Wertschöpfungskette
 den entscheidenden Unterschied machen. Ausgehend von der fundierten Erfahrung in den Bereichen Beratung, Inspektion, Transportsysteme und Verpackungs
maschinen und -materialien, liefert Körber das richtige Portfolio für Kunden, um ihre Produktivitäts- und Geschäftspotenziale zu entfalten. Mit ausgew
iesenem Verständnis für die Herausforderungen von Pharmaprozessen und -regulierung, agiert Körber als Partner, der für Kunden das Beste aus ihrer Phar
ma- und Biotech-Produktion herausholt.KontaktKörber Pharma Packaging AG(0)10 Jobshttps://jobs.koerber.com/pharma/lp/Koerber%20Pharma%20Grabs/5829eb9d2
f6e0177/?locale=de_DEBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


R&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market AnalyticsHitachi Energy AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:AargauR&D Scientist (f/m/d) in Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics At Hitachi Energy our purpose is advancing a su
stainable​ energy future for all. We bring power to our homes, schools, hospitals and factories.  Join us and work with fantastic people, while learni
ng  and developing yourself on projects that have a real impact to our communities and society. Bring your passion, bring your energy, and be part of 
a global team that appreciates a simple truth: Diversity + Collaboration = Great Innovation    Our flexible work practices help you optimize personal 
and business performance while creating an environment where all employees can develop their skills and grow.    We’re looking for top talent to join 
our team!  Hitachi Energy Research is looking for a Researcher with expertise in the area of Automated Trading and Energy Market Analytics. You will j
oin a dynamic, motivated and creative team with a broad range of experience and competences. As part of our team you will combine theory with practice
, creating, testing and validating new technologies to enable the energy transition.   For this position you can be located at one of our research cen
ters in Mannheim/Germany, Baden/Switzerland, Montreal/Canada, Raleigh/US, Krakow/Poland or Västeras/Sweden.   Your Responsibilities  Propose, contribu
te to and lead research projects designing trading solutions for energy markets (electricity, non-electric energy, multi-energy systems, CO2 compensat
ion), risk management, strategic investment and intelligence tools Be the energy trading domain expert in our interdisciplinary team, collaborating wi
th experts in power systems, AI, optimization, mathematics, data science, SW and human-computer interaction. Propose investigate, and develop automate
d trading solutions with business impact, turn them into prototypes and verify them  Develop concepts for combining models of energy markets with new 
and emerging technologies such as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Network in the company and actively distribute your knowledge and expe
rtise Collaborate with local and global external partners including universities, open-source communities, startups and vendors Disseminate your resul
ts in scientific publications, patent applications, and technical reports    Your background  Strong academic qualification with an internationally re
cognized degree at masters or doctorate level in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Power Systems Engineering, or any r
elated field. In-depth knowledge of energy planning and trading solutions, including aspects such as market analytics, market data automation and inte
gration solutions and trading and risk management. Software development experience to develop trading algorithms Experience that demonstrates your tea
m-oriented, innovative, and strategic working styles Fluency in English, both written and spoken.     Hitachi Energy is a global technology leader tha
t is advancing a sustainable energy future for all. We serve customers in the utility, industry and infrastructure sectors with innovative solutions a
nd services across the value chain. Together with customers and partners, we pioneer technologies and enable the digital transformation required to ac
celerate the energy transition towards a carbon-neutral future. We are advancing the world’s energy system to become more sustainable, flexible and se
cure whilst balancing social, environmental and economic value. Hitachi Energy has a proven track record and unparalleled installed base in more than 
140 countries. Headquartered in Switzerland, we employ around 38,000 people in 90 countries and generate business volumes of approximately $10 billion
 USD. www.hitachienergy.com BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk AdvisoryErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichQuant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory  In a wor
ld that’s changing faster than ever, our purpose acts as our ‘North Star’ guiding our more than 300,000 people – providing the context and meaning for
 the work we do every day. In doing so, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, clients and communities. Thanks to 
our innovative services in auditing, tax consulting as well as transaction and management consulting, we proudly lead our clients into the future.    
As the only one of the Big 4 with a specialist cross-border practice dedicated to the Financial Services Sector, we offer our clients seamless, consis
tent and high-quality services around the globe.    Our Advisory business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to p
roviding high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. For o
ur team in Zürich we are looking for a Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory     What you can expect – enriching experiences tha
t will last a lifetime   Support our advisory as well as financial and regulatory audit engagements with leading financial institutions in risk manage
ment by:  Reviewing and developing quantitative models for measuring various risks (market risk, credit risk, operational and fraud-related risks)  Va
luating financial products and contracts  Applying innovative techniques such as advanced analytics (AI/ML), robotics process automation and blockchai
n Analyzing the risk management function and risk appetite of our clients and assessment of adherence to market, credit, liquidity and operational ris
k regulatory requirements   You will be supported by a "counselor" who will guide you throughout your internship      What you can contribute – skills
 for shaping the future   You have recently graduated or are currently finishing a master’s degree in a quantitative field (mathematics, physics, stat
istics, financial or computational engineering, econometrics)  A strong interest in financial risk management and/or applying advanced analytical meth
ods like machine learning in the financial risk management world  You have some programming experience with languages such as (but not limited to) Pyt
hon, R, C# or VBA  You are curious about innovation (such as AI/ML, robotics and blockchain) and applying new and classical quantitative techniques to
 solve risk management problems  You speak excellent German and English, Italian or French is a plus You are open minded, with excellent interpersonal
 and communication skills and the ability to demonstrate initiative and a flexible working style in a multinational team      Do you have challenging 
plans? Stick to them and realize your goals with us! Design your career with EY in a culture that promotes diversity and education.     International 
multi-cultural team of highly motivated advisory professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, ment
oring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility  Transparent performance-bas
ed recognition and progression system      Become part of our high-performing teams!    Do the next step and apply for this position online at www.ey.
com/ch/careers.    Ref. No: ZUR001H1. For further information please contact our recruitment team at recruitment.switzerland@ey.com or by phone at +41
 58 286 33 66 KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikum Software Engineer Full Stack (w/d/m) 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 Februar 2021Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, ZürichPraktikum Software Engineer Full Stack (w/d/m) 100%Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wi
r machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Softwareprodukte in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. 
Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung und der konsequenten Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Ha
ndwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann bist du bei BSI goldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben Du gestaltest spannende Kundenprojekte von Anfang bis Ende, ab dem er
sten Tag. In einem interdisziplinären, agilen Team entwickelst du massgeschneiderte Lösungen für geschäftskritische Softwaresysteme. Du nutzt modernst
e Technologie und bringst uns mit deinen Innovationen weiter. Wir suchen Macher Studium an Universität oder Hochschule ab dem 4. Semester Freude an So
ftware und Kundenkontakt Kenntnisse in der Software-Entwicklung, v.a. Java und JavaScript Initiative, Kreativität, Teamgeist, Verantwortung, analytisc
hes Denken Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Starke Gründe für BSI Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektalltag und für deine Weiterentwicklung Fle
xible Arbeitszeiten und Orte Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hierarchie Vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeite
n Jetzt bewerben BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research assistant with possibility for PhD – Optimization of Railway using Artificial Intelligence with Physical ModelsETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVe
röffentlicht:13 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichResearch assistant with possibility for PhD – Optimization of Railway usin
g Artificial Intelligence with Physical ModelsResearch assistant with possibility for PhD – Optimization of Railway using Artificial Intelligence with
 Physical Models 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Institute of Machine Tools and Manufacturing (IWF) at the Department of Mechanical and Process Engineeri
ng performs international leading research on machine tools and in the field of production engineering. A further research focus is on novel topics su
ch as additive manufacturing, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Big Data Analysis or Industry 4.0. For a new industry related resea
rch project, we are looking for a new PhD. Job description A considerable portion of the noise produced by trains stems from rolling noise, primarily 
influenced by the roughness of both the wheel and the rail surfaces. Accurately evaluating noise generation at the wheel-rail interface requires measu
ring the roughness of the rail network. Traditional direct measurements with trolley devices require unobstructed tracks and have speed limitations. I
ndirect methods, like measuring axle-box accelerations, allow measurements during regular operations but only provide rough estimates of acoustic roug
hness. This project explores the feasibility of a non-contact measurement approach using optical laser triangulation sensors to gauge rail roughness f
rom moving trains. Your profile You have to have a master's degree preferably in Mechanical Engineering. The position is coupled with the possibility 
of a PhD study at ETH Zurich. Qualified candidates should have the following capabilities:  Experience and interest in experimental working Interest i
n railway Good knowledge of data analysis and signal processing Programming experience Competences in Manufacturing Technology  You are highly motivat
ed and eager to learn. In addition, you like to combine theoretical considerations and models with experimental tasks and have valuable technical skil
ls. Through close cooperation with our project partners, you will quickly establish contacts with the Swiss industry. In our young teams, you will wor
k at the forefront of today's knowledge in manufacturing. We offer a modern working environment in a young and motivated team and an interesting topic
 in a fast-growing field of research. Your workplace Your workplace We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online ap
plication including the following documents:  a letter of motivation CV diplomas  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted throug
h our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further information, please contact Prof. Dr.-I
ng. Markus Bamabch: E-Mail schreiben, or Dr Michal Kuffa: E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to 
receiving your online application including the following documents:  a letter of motivation CV diplomas  Please note that we exclusively accept appli
cations submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further information, pl
ease contact Prof. Dr.-Ing. Markus Bamabch: E-Mail schreiben, or Dr Michal Kuffa: E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps:
//www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADERSauber Motorsport AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
HinwilAERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADERWe are a Formula 1 team with 30 years of experience - always driven by the power of passion, teamwork, d
edication, and spirit. With us, everyone is an athlete and plays their part in successfully crossing the finish line. Our journey as THE 2026 future w
orks team starts now! For this new chapter we are looking for people who want to shape the future together with us. Join the team and make an impact a
s an experienced: AERO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT LEADER 100% (all genders) YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES  Develop and create the latest generation of aerod
ynamic analysis tools. Develop data science capabilities. Define scope, goals and technologies used in both projects. Have the technical lead of a tea
m of engineers to execute these projects. Work closely with aerodynamic engineers to improve the ease of understanding complex data. Apply your experi
ence and knowledge to help us set future directions and trends in data analysis and data visualization. Be responsible to define the look and feel of 
the user interface in terms of presentation and interaction with the data from a wide range of engineering data sources. Be responsible for producing 
high performance and well-designed data access tools and APIs to be used by other existing systems. Complete design, code, test, release, and maintena
nce of data analysis applications. Stay updated with the latest advancements and developments in software design and data science.  YOUR PROFILE  An M
Sc or PhD in Computer Science or Mathematics. Strong programming skills. The company is technologically open minded. Experience with the following wou
ld be beneficial: Python (v3.x), Qt, PostgreSQL, and real time engineering signal data processing. C#, .NET and integrating with other technologies su
ch as SQL Server and C++. Experience with data organisation and repository creation using appropriate database and file technologies. Interest in the 
development and deployment of AI and Machine Learning based systems. Experience in working in a dynamic and challenging environment. Highly self-motiv
ated, dedicated, creative, result-oriented, and able to work independently with some flexibility in terms of working hours. A team player but with the
 initiative to make own decisions. Able to work under pressure with minimal supervision. Open to learning from others and sharing knowledge with other
s. Someone who, regardless of the task set, always has a high work ethic and is committed to a positive image of the department and entire team. Organ
ized, methodical and able to communicate complex ideas clearly.  ABOUT US Sauber Motorsport AG is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversit
y and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We look forward to reviewing your application and having you join the team
 in our pursuit of excellence in Formula 1. HOW TO APPLY If the above applies, and working in a dynamic, cross-functional environment appeals to you, 
we are looking forward to receiving your application. Interested candidates should send a resume and a brief cover letter, presenting their motivation
 and interest in the position, to our Human Resources department via the online application. Contact Phone +41 44 937 90 00 Address Sauber Motorsport 
AG c/o Sauber Group of Companies 8340 Hinwil Switzerland Tara Hanna, HR Manager 18.04.2024KontaktSauber Motorsport AG(5)22 Jobshttps://www.sauber-grou
p.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Engineer and Technical Support (40-80%)Mindfire AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 80%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Pfäff
ikon SZAI Engineer and Technical Support (40-80%)Location: Zurich/Davos, Switzerland, hybrid Lab42 is a Switzerland based Artificial Intelligence Lab 
operated by Mindfire. We're committed to creating a vibrant AI research community that pushes the boundaries of AI research and technology. We have a 
job opening for a skilled, passionate, and ambitious AI Engineer and Technical Support to join our dynamic team. Key Responsibilities:  Provide techni
cal support to our AI research team, ensuring a smooth operation of our research and development processes. Set up and monitor AI challenges, ensuring
 their successful execution while providing necessary technical solutions. Assist in building and maintaining the programming architecture integral to
 our research and AI development. Collaborate closely with the Research Director in managing administrative tasks within the research community. Proac
tively identify and resolve technical and conceptual problems on the scientific roadmap, contributing to the continuous advancement of our research. C
ontribute to the development and implementation of new systems and platforms that improve efficiency and effectiveness.  What it takes:  Proven experi
ence in programming and software development; proficiency in Python is a must. Familiarity with more performance-oriented languages such as C++ is a p
lus. The ability to quickly learn and adapt to new programming languages and technologies is highly vaued. Hands-on experience with machine-learning f
rameworks, as well as the ability to evaluate and tune algorithms to create solutions for real-world problems. Basic knowledge on DevOps processes, vi
rtualization, containerization, and infrastructure-as-a-service technology is a plus. Demonstrable interest in and enthusiasm for AI technology and it
s potential for positive global impact. Ability to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues efficiently and effectively. Strong problem-solving skill
s, with an ability to address conceptual and scientific challenges. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Experience in a research or AI d
evelopment environment is a plus. Fluency in English in both writing and speaking.  Dont's: Please do not apply as we will not consider your applicati
on if:  You do not have a work permission to work in Switzerland. You are not willing to work physically in Zurich or Davos, Switzerland. You have nev
er worked in a startup environment.  What we are offering We offer more than just a job: after an initiation period, you are eligible for the company’
s shares program and become part of the Mindfire family. Furthermore, you will …  Engage in a dynamic, innovative company that values and fosters out-
of-the-box thinking. Thrive in a professional, goal-oriented culture where: Managers exemplify leadership. Fairness and respect are paramount. Autonom
y is encouraged, accepting mistakes as learning opportunities. Conflicts are addressed openly and promptly. Take on a high level of personal responsib
ility. Participate in an exciting mission within a creative and forward-thinking environment. Collaborate with some of the brightest and most innovati
ve minds in AI. Gain insights into AI and cutting-edge, self-learning technologies. Embrace the opportunity to make a large-scale impact and drive glo
bal change.  Join us as we strive to create the world's largest AI research community, collectively pioneering AI technology in Switzerland. If you ar
e technically skilled, enthusiastic about AI, and eager to contribute to a pioneering project with a global impact, we'd love to hear from you. Please
 apply with a cover letter or video and CV by clicking the button below. Let's shape the future of AI together! Contact: Dr. Daniela SuterBewerbenJob 
merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d)Körber Pharma Packaging AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:GrabsSoftware Developer Frontend (m/w/d)Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d) Grabs, CH Software Developer Frontend (m/w/d) Mit modernster Technologie 
und innovativem Design produzieren wir High-Tech-Verpackungsmaschinen und entwickeln digitale Lösungen für die Pharmabranche, wie den Line Optimizer. 
Es erwartet Dich eine offene Unternehmenskultur und ein agiles und dynamisches Team, welches mit Begeisterung neue Wege und Optimierungen des digitale
n Shopfloor Managements für die Pharmaindustrie entwickelt. Deine Rolle in unserem Team  Weiterentwicklung und Optimierung bereits bestehender Lösunge
n im Frontend-Umfeld sowie 2nd Level Support Architektur und Design von Schnittstellen zu Backend-Services in enger Zusammenarbeit mit unseren Backend
-Architekten Requirements-Engineering, technisches Design und Entwicklung neuer Features Testerweiterung und Qualitätssicherung durch automatisiertes 
Testen Einbringung von Ideen bei neuen Lösungen und Evaluierung von neuen Technologien Zusammenarbeit im Team bei Komplettlösungen und Themen wie IoT,
 Automation, Machine Learning Konsequente Anwendung der Vorgaben des SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Qualitätsplans  Dein Profil Du zeichnest D
ich sowohl als Spezialist als auch Generalist aus, wenn es um Frontend-Technologien und Fullstack-Development geht. Du verfügst über gute Kenntnisse d
er browser- und plattformübergreifenden Frontend-Entwicklung mit state-of-the-art-Technologien. Zudem bringst Du eine kreative, innovative, kundenorie
ntierte Denk- und Handlungsweise mit.  Berufsausbildung oder Studium im Informatikbereich (HF, FH, Universität) Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der Umsetzung
 von Frontend-Applikationen Gute Kenntnisse in JavaScript, HTML und CSS sowie Erfahrung im Design und der Modellierung von REST APIs Erfahrung mit SQL
 Datenbanken, Java, VueJS, Web Components, Docker und Cloud Plattformen von Vorteil Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeiten in der deutschen und englische
n Sprache  Dein Arbeitsumfeld bei Körber Am Körber-Standort in Grabs entwickeln wir seit über 40 Jahren für die Pharma- und Biotechindustrie innovativ
e Topload- und Sideload-Systeme by Dividella Solutions für komplette Sekundärverpackungsmaschinen und -linien. Kunden auf der ganzen Welt schätzen die
 technologische Kreativität unserer modularen und nachhaltigen Lösungen. Deine Vorteile  Ein Top-Arbeitsklima in einem super Team! Spannende Aufgaben 
in einem modernen technischen Umfeld, die «Techniker-Herzen»  höher schlagen lässt  Flexible Arbeitszeiten und gute Sozialleistungen Unterstützung von
 Weiterbildungen und firmeninterner Weiterentwicklung Weitere Benefits wie tolle Firmenevents, frische Früchte, Fitnessabo, usw.  Bist Du bereit in di
e spannende Pharma Verpackungswelt einzutauchen? Dann bewirb Dich jetzt! Recruitment-Team Bei Fragen kannst Du uns gerne unter +41 81 750 30 66 oder E
-Mail schreiben kontaktieren. Wir arbeiten mit festen Partnern zusammen und bitten daher Personalberatungen, von einer Kontaktaufnahme per Mail oder T
elefon abzusehen. Bitte sende uns Deine Bewerbung ausschliesslich über das Bewerberportal über den „Jetzt bewerben“ Button zu. Recruiter: Angela Rutz 
Job Req ID: 4653 Wir wertschätzen Vielfalt und begrüßen daher alle Bewerbungen – unabhängig von Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herk
unft, Religion/ Weltanschauung, Behinderung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Identität. Bei technischen Problemen kontaktieren Sie uns bitte un
ter der angegebenen Rufnummer. Körber Pharma ist ein Geschäftsfeld des internationalen Technologiekonzerns Körber, der weltweit rund 12.000 Mitarbeite
r an mehr als 100 Standorten beschäftigt. Das Körber-Geschäftsfeld Pharma bietet ein einzigartiges Portfolio aus integrierten Lösungen, die entlang de
r gesamten Pharma-Wertschöpfungskette den entscheidenden Unterschied machen. Ausgehend von der fundierten Erfahrung in den Bereichen Beratung, Inspekt
ion, Transportsysteme und Verpackungsmaschinen und -materialien, liefert Körber das richtige Portfolio für Kunden, um ihre Produktivitäts- und Geschäf
tspotenziale zu entfalten. Mit ausgewiesenem Verständnis für die Herausforderungen von Pharmaprozessen und -regulierung, agiert Körber als Partner, de
r für Kunden das Beste aus ihrer Pharma- und Biotech-Produktion herausholt.KontaktKörber Pharma Packaging AG(0)10 Jobshttps://jobs.koerber.com/pharma/
lp/Koerber%20Pharma%20Grabs/5829eb9d2f6e0177/?locale=de_DEBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ArcondisArcondis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselArcondisInessa E-Mail schreiben Duers
t Senior Recruiter Solution Delivery - Selangor, Singapore, Basel, Frankfurt, Kosice Arcondis is a global consulting company with an exclusive focus o
n the healthcare and life science industries. Headquartered in Basel, Switzerland, the company has a global footprint with offices in North America, A
PAC and across Europe. We have been managing challenges and solving problems for our clients in compliance, business processes, information technology
, and digital transformation since 2001. Our focus lies in creating value through cross-functional, sophisticated delivery methodologies and intellige
nt implementation. Our clients love to work with us because of our unique skillsets, our pragmatic approach, and our will to win. We are a medium-size
d international consulting firm dedicated to Life Sciences, with a unique and inspiring culture. Our distinctive culture is the driving force behind o
ur success; it is deeply rooted in our purpose and behaviors. We are owned by a charitable Foundation; our key differentiator is that we contribute to
 social causes every year. This ethos is not just a part of our identity; it's our way of life. Our motto, "We make healthcare better," reflects the u
nwavering commitment we have to improving the lives of people through the work we do. Our culture fosters collaboration, innovation, and a sense of co
mmunity that sets us apart from the rest. We are living our values every day. Our leadership is expected to lead by example, demonstrating a dedicatio
n to our mission and values. We embrace diversity and inclusivity, and we believe in giving back to the community. Together, we are not just consultan
ts; we are agents of change, and our culture is the driving force behind our shared purpose. Design and develop innovative AI/ML solutions which will 
be running in Azure and AWS platforms, focusing on scalability, efficiency, and compliance with healthcare and life science standards. Design (generat
ive) AI applications that can solve a broad range of problems, enhance decision-making, and optimize processes within the healthcare and life science 
sectors. Create and manage AI/ML algorithm pipelines, using Azure ML, AWS SageMaker, and other relevant cloud-native services. Implement, maintain and
 manage data integration and harmonization processes. Develop and maintain a library of custom AI/ML assets (code, components, and integrations) to be
 deployed towards different customer projects. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate AI/ML solutions into broader IT and business syste
ms being the integration driver & architect. Maintain a proactive approach to learning and applying the latest advancements AI, ML, LLMs and the infra
structure that supports them. Support our sales teams by providing input & support to client presentations, statements of work, etc. Experienced in Ag
ile and DevOps methodologies. To be successful in this role, you should possess the following qualifications and experience: A bachelor's or master's 
degree in computer science / engineering, or a related technical field, with a strong emphasis on cloud technologies and AI/ML. Some years of relevant
 experience in AI/ML/LLM development, with a proven track record in both Azure and AWS platforms. Demonstrated hands on and delivery experience of AI 
projects. Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms, Gen AI concepts, and statistical models. Proficiency in Python, TypeScript, NodeJS, React
JS with extensive experience in cloud-based AI development and deployment. Demonstrated ability to work in teams and projects using agile methodologie
s. Effective communication skills and superior attention to detailKontaktArcondis AG(1)3 Jobshttps://www.arcondis.com/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job mel
den


Cryptography Engineer (m/w/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.Galle
nCryptography Engineer (m/w/d)The Chair of Cyber Security, https://cybersecurity.unisg.ch/, is a part of the Institute of Computer Science (ICS) at th
e University of St.Gallen. The chair was established in autumn semester 2020 and is led by Prof. Dr. Katerina Mitrokotsa. Our research interests are c
entered around information security and applied cryptography, with the larger goal of safeguarding communications and providing strong privacy guarant
ees. We are currently active in multiple areas including the design of provably secure cryptographic protocols and cryptographic primitives that can b
e employed for reliable authentication, outsourcing computations in cloud-assisted settings, network security problems as well as secure and privacy-p
reserving machine learning. Starting period is in Spring 2024 or under mutual agreement. The employment is limited to 1 year with possible extension u
p to maximum 2 years. The work is ideal for young professionals who want to boost their CV for applying for PhD positions or industrial jobs.  A trans
fer into a PhD-position in our research group can be evaluated towards the end of the working period. Please apply asap through the job link. Applicat
ions will be evaluated continuously.  Cryptography Engineer (m/w/d)    Your tasks At the Chair of Cyber Security we are looking for a research enginee
r to establish a state-of-the-art IoT (Internet of Things) lab with smart devices ranging from Raspberry Pi's, sensors, smart microphones, toy cars, R
FID tags, RFID readers, smart phones, biometric sensors. At our Chair you will work with world-leading researchers to implement, test, and showcase se
cure and privacy-preserving protocols and algorithms. Many projects are conducted in collaboration with other academic and industrial partners. More s
pecifically, the job includes:  Development and implementation of concepts and research results, both individually and in collaboration with researche
rs and PhD students, Run of experiments and simulation of realistic conditions to test the performance of developed algorithms and protocols, Developm
ent, maintenance and organization of software, Support to BSc, MSc and PhD students, postdocs and researchers who use the lab, Responsibility for day 
routines in the lab, for example purchases, installations, bookings, inventory, Demonstrations and lab tours for external visitors, Maintaining and pr
oducing content for our group web page and social media platforms.     Your profile The successful applicant is expected to hold or to be about to rec
eive a M.Sc. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or similar fields, preferably with a focus in Security and Privac
y for Computer Science Systems. We are looking for a strongly motivated and self-driven person who is able to work and learn new things independently.
    Good command of English is required. You should have a good academic track record and well developed analytical and problem solving skills. Excell
ent programming skills and familiarity with cryptographic libraries.  Previous experience in implementation projects with C++, Matlab/Simulink, Python
 is desired.   "A place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University
 of St.Gallen (HSG), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provi
des an attractive and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobs
https://www.unisg.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ML Software Developer for FPGA (EP-SFT-2024-47-GRAP)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfML Software Developer for FPGA (EP-SFT-2024-47-GRAP)    Job Description    Your responsibilities  The successful candi
date will join the software development for experiments (SFT) group, which develops and provides support for scientific software for the High Energy P
hysics experiment collaborations at CERN. The selected candidate will work, as part of the Next Generation Trigger (NGT) project, on developing machin
e learning software for accelerators such as FPGA taking responsibility for developing the hls4ml and Conifer libraries. These libraries have been dev
eloped jointly by CERN and its partners. The candidate will deploy neural networks on FPGAs and boosted decision trees using these libraries. The work
 will be carried out in an international team of researchers from CERN partner institutes, in the context of the FastML community. As part of this pro
ject, the candidate could be asked to supervise master students.  Your profile   Skills and/or knowledge   A solid background in professional programm
ing, with particular emphasis on C++ and high-level synthesis libraries for FPGA programming.  Advanced knowledge of Python programming and existing m
achine learning tools and techniques, (including network compression).   Eligibility criteria:   You are a national of a CERN Member or Associate Memb
er State. A limited number of positions are also available to candidates from Non-Member States.  You have a professional background in STEM (or a rel
ated field) and have either: a Master's degree with 2 to 6 years of post-graduation professional experience; or a PhD with no more than 3 years of pos
t-graduation professional experience.   You have never had a CERN fellow or graduate contract before.      Additional Information   Job closing date: 
20 May 2024 at 23:59 PM CEST.  Job reference: EP-SFT-2024-47-GRAP Contract duration: 24 months, with a possible extension up to 36 months maximum. Tar
get start date: 01-July-2024    What we offer   A monthly stipend ranging between 6212  and 6828  Swiss Francs per month (net of tax). Coverage by CER
N's comprehensive health scheme (for yourself, your spouse and children), and membership of the CERN Pension Fund. Depending on your individual circum
stances: installation grant; family, child and infant allowances; payment of travel expenses at the beginning and end of contract.  30 days of paid le
ave per year. On-the-job and formal training at CERN as well as in-house language courses for English and/or French.   About us  At CERN, the European
 Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most
 complex scientific instruments, they study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the
 speed of light. The process gives physicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out 
more on http://home.cern.  We are on a Quest. A Journey into discovery like no other. Bring your expertise to our unique work and develop your knowled
ge and skills at pace. Join world-class subject matter experts on unique projects, in a Quest for greater knowledge and deeper understanding. Begin yo
ur CERN Quest. Take Part!    Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organizatio
n. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship DSP Development & ModellingNovartis AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselIntern
ship DSP Development & Modelling About the Role As an intern in Downstream Process Development (DSP), you will be a key enabler for our aspirations to
 advance on the field of model-assisted Drug Substance Development (DSD) and contribute to our innovation strategy. You will join the DSD Scientific O
ffice and work in close collaboration with the portfolio project development teams (and many more experts within the Biologics community) acting as ke
y contributor on Downstream Process modelling while generating relevant data in the lab and applying them within model-based solutions. Preferred star
t date: Q2 2024Duration: 6 months  Key Responsibilities:Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to:• Contribute to the development of mathe
matical models to characterize the DSP production system and its dynamic• Design, planning, and execution of experiments to support model development 
activities, model vali-dation, and process optimization/characterization• Support ongoing app development by striving to develop and/or extend your pr
ogramming skills   #hybrid   Role Requirements  Requirements• Master or PhD graduate in a relevant field as chemical engineering, biochemical engineer
ing, bioprocess technology, bioinformatics, or similar with a strong background on process modelling (mechanistic, data-driven and/or hybrid models)• 
Knowledge on DSP processes with the interest and ability to work in that field• Experience working in a chemical/biological lab environment• Demonstra
ted programming skills (R, Python, or MATLAB) and knowledge of Machine Learning algo-rithms is desired• Experience in app development (e.g. Streamlit,
 Dash, Shiny) and/or mathematical optimization would be beneficial• Excellent ability to build collaborative relationships and a can-do mind-set• Prof
iciency in oral and written English with strong communication and presentation skills Why Novartis:Our purpose is to reimagine medicine to improve and
 extend people’s lives and our vision is to become the most valued and trusted medicines company in the world. How can we achieve this? With our peopl
e. It is our associates that drive us each day to reach our ambitions. Be a part of this mission and join us! Learn more here: https://www.novartis.co
m/about/strategy/people-and-culture Accessibility and accommodationNovartis is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to all
 individuals. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonableaccommodation for any part of the recruitment process, or in orde
r to receive more detailed information about the essential functions of a position, please send an e-mail toE-Mail schreiben and let us know the natur
e of your request and your contact information. Please include the job requisition number in your message. Join our Novartis Network: If this role is 
not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Nova
rtis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network      Why Novartis: Helping people with disease and their families takes more than innova
tive science. It takes a community of smart, passionate people like you. Collaborating, supporting and inspiring each other. Combining to achieve brea
kthroughs that change patients’ lives. Ready to create a brighter future together? https://www.novartis.com/about/strategy/people-and-culture   Join o
ur Novartis Network: Not the right Novartis role for you? Sign up to our talent community to stay connected and learn about suitable career opportunit
ies as soon as they come up: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network(link is external) KontaktNovartis Pharma AG(4)20 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Accounting ManagerSophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleAccounting Manager We
 believe that there is a smarter, more data-driven way to make decisions in healthcare. SOPHiA GENETICS (NASDAQ: SOPH) combines genomics, radiomics, c
linical, and other data modalities through our propriety SOPHiA DDM platform to help healthcare professionals and patients across the world in the fig
ht against cancer and rare and inherited diseases. To help us achieve our ambitious mission, we are now searching for an Accounting Manager to join ou
r team in Rolle.   The Accounting Manager supervises, monitors and evaluates all day-to-day accounting activities. In addition, they establish financi
al status by developing and implementing processes and procedures for collecting, analyzing, verifying and reporting financial information. They are a
lso responsible for managing the accounting team, helping audit and ledger preparation, and supporting managers across teams with financial procedures
.    Responsibilities:   Responsible for the overall accounting for General Ledger, Payroll, Inventory and Fixed Assets  Manage the monthly financial 
close process, including ensuring all costs incurred are properly recorded, reviewing journal entries, account balance reconciliations and report prep
aration   Ensure accurate and timely year end closing under IFRS and local GAAP   Coordinate and manage finance input on corporate and cross functiona
l project implementations   Collaborate with external accountants and auditors to ensure successful audit results and compliance   Assist with compila
tion of information for preparation of tax returns, VAT and other regulatory reporting   Participate in the ongoing development/establishment of accou
nting policies and procedures including the review and implementation of process and system changes.   Train, coach, mentor and develop employees, rev
iew their work on a regular basis.   Give regular feedback, conduct quarterly and year-end reviews, and set objectives   Ensure employees have the nec
essary resources to perform properly  Conduct regular 1:1 meeting with team members.  Establish and monitor employee goals and objectives  Create a wo
rkspace that encourages creativity and innovation to get the most out of the team  Quickly and effectively resolve team conflicts  Perform team capaci
ty planning and ensure adequate staffing of projects and high-quality service delivery through recruiting, onboarding, and training of new and existin
g team members.    Requirements   Advanced degree in accounting or finance or related field  More than 5 years' experience in accounting for a US Publ
ic Company Must have a good understanding of IFRS or other accounting standards Experience with ERP systems, knowledge of Dynamics 365 is a plus, prof
icient in Excel   CPA preferred 1-3 years of experience in audit (Big 4 firms) a must Mastery of the Microsoft 360 Suite  Self-starter and deadline dr
iven person, with high degree of independency   Critical thinker with ability to articulate issues as they arise and suggest possible solutions  Must 
be fluent in English   Benefits   You will be joining an organization with the patient at the heart of every decision and action, driven by purpose as
 we drive exponential growth to our new business unit.   A flexible, friendly and international working environment with a collaborative atmosphere An
 exciting company mission that brings together science and technology to directly impact the lives of patients with life threatening illness. A fast-g
rowing company with plenty of opportunity for personal growth and development A hard technical challenge to solve with exciting modern technology - cl
oud computing, Big Data, DevOps, machine learning BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Computing Lab: 50%, 4 Months | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewa
ndte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Pensum:50%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInternship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Comp
uting Lab: 50%, 4 Months | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenInternship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Computing Lab: 50%, 4 Months You can j
oin a dynamic and highly interdisciplinary team to help in either technical work on groundbreaking technology for assistive robots: event-based camera
, neuromorphic computing hardware, and novel motion control strategies; or help with performing user studies on requirements and acceptability of assi
stive robots in healthcare and elderly care. School: Life Sciences und Facility Management Starting date: 1 th August 2024 Version 1, Technical intern
ship:  You will write software to test a new smart event-based camera that we have recently built You will implement and test neural-network architect
ures for object detection and tracking or for 3D vision using this camera You will document the software and write a report about your work This work 
can be formulated as a BSc or MSc thesis and might lead to scientific publications or dem OR  OR Version 2, User study internship:  You will help to d
evelop questionnaires and use case scenarios (story boards) to find out the requirements, needs, and challenges for robotic assistants in healthcare Y
ou will help determine the relevant stakeholders and fine-tune the interview questions to different groups You will conduct the interviews online or f
ace to face You will analyze the results of the interviews and help formulate a hierarchy of use cases, their requirements and constraints and write a
 report about the study This work may lead to a publication and can be the basis for a BSc or MSc thesis  Option 1:  BSc or MSc in Computer Science, E
lectrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or similar Good programming skills (python, c++); Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Visio
n and/or Robotics  Option 2:  BSc or MSc in Social Sciences, Humanities, or Life Sciences  Zurich University of Applied Sciences ZHAW is one of Switze
rland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 faculty and staff. Life Sciences and Facility 
Management: Study and research in Wädenswil: practical, creative, passionate and reflective. Our expertise in life sciences and facility management in
 the areas of the environment, food and health enables us to make a vital contribution to solving social challenges and improving quality of life The 
ICLS Institute of Computational Life Sciences embraces computational science as an interdisciplinary approach to address complex challenges and develo
p innovative solutions in key areas of health, society, environment and nutrition. Our team of around 60 employees has extensive experience in managin
g interdisciplinary projects. The Neuromorphic Computing Group at ICLS develops advanced neural-network based algorithms, software libraries, and syst
ems with the new generation of computing chips – brain-inspired neuromorphic sensing and computing hardware. We focus on perception, motion planning, 
and control for robotic actuators with applications in life sciences: healthcare, agriculture, food processing, and smart environments. We follow a hu
man-centered design approach to develop new generation of physical AI systems that are power-efficient, adaptive, and safe. ZHAW is committed to gende
r-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingungen an 
und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der Webseit
e «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Prof. Dr. Yulia Sandamirskaya Manuela Laure Recruiting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochs
chule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science Architect Viseca Payment Services SABewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungSprache:D
eutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zürich     Data Science Architect    Sind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? M
otiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine hete
rogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Stan
dort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.   Aufgaben   Zusammen mit dem Solution Architekt und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterent
wicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primär: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernete
s In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwicklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in e
in technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu implementieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle d
es Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst regelmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- un
d Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML-Ops Strategie. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Arch
itekten.     Profil   Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfahrung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unterneh
merische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige
 Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Plus Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift 
    Chancen Bei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit guten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und 
unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und 
fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.     Kontakt Viseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Reso
urces Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen.      KontaktViseca(16)16
 Jobshttps://www.viseca.ch/deBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technical Team Lead for GenAILenovo (Schweiz) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichTechn
ical Team Lead for GenAIWhy Work at Lenovo We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers. Lenovo is a US$62 billion revenu
e global technology powerhouse, ranked #217 in the Fortune Global 500, employing 77,000 people around the world, and serving millions of customers eve
ry day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC compa
ny by further expanding into growth areas that fuel the advancement of ‘New IT’ technologies (client, edge, cloud, network, and intelligence) includin
g server, storage, mobile, software, solutions, and services. This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more 
inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our Sto
ryHub. Description and Requirements Why Work at Lenovo: At Lenovo, we believe in more innovative technology for all, so we spend time building a brigh
ter and more inclusive society. And we go big. No, not big—huge. We’re a US$60 billion revenue Fortune Global 500 company serving customers in 180 mar
kets worldwide. Focused on a bold vision to deliver more innovative technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that power (thro
ugh devices and infrastructure) and empower (through solutions, services, and software) millions of customers every day and together create a more inc
lusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society for everyone, everywhere. The one missing thing? Well… you... Position Description: As the Technic
al Team Lead in the Lenovo Solutions & Services Group (SSG) AI Professional Services team specializing in GenAI Solutions, you will drive the vision, 
communication and lead the team executing the implementation of new generative AI products, solutions, and AI service offerings. Your leadership skill
s and expertise will be instrumental in translating business requirements from and for customers into innovative solution designs that extend, deepen,
 and elevate the Lenovo AI Professional Services Practice portfolio. From inception to productization, your design expertise will bring best practices
 and best-of-breed tools into play to meet customer needs precisely. Leading from vision to design to delivery, you'll spearhead our offerings based o
n generative AI capabilities and emerging innovations. Deploying hybrid large language models (LLMs) and interactive AI capabilities on hybrid cloud i
nfrastructure will be a significant part of the implemented designs. You’ll work cross-functionally to architect and deliver innovative solutions, ena
bling customers to integrate generative AI solutions seamlessly within their day-to-day operations.  This role is primarily internal but includes some
 customer-facing work. This is a remote-only role.  In this role, you will:  Lead the team of Enterprise Architects, Solution Architects and Technical
 Consultants who are designing, developing and delivering GenAI solutions to address business challenges. This includes building and communicating the
 overall vision of the GenAI solutions and then leading the team. Communicate and collaborate with data scientists, engineers, and other technical sta
ff to implement GenAI solutions, ensuring alignment with business goals and integration with existing systems. Architect services leveraging and integ
rating frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and compatibility. Design, de
velop, and optimize AI workload deployment and delivery across on-premise, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments, guaranteeing seamless operation and d
ata integrity. Continuously enhance and support architectures focusing on scalability, reliability, performance, cost-efficiency, and regulatory compl
iance, ensuring our solutions remain at the forefront of industry standards. Develop robust frameworks, templates, and governance models to accelerate
 the hybrid AI solution and service development and shorten AI product cycles, ensuring timely delivery and market relevance. Drive and develop automa
tion and orchestration of managed offerings across hybrid infrastructure, ensuring high efficiency and resource optimization. Champion security, compl
iance, responsible AI, and cloud best practices, fostering a culture of excellence and ethical conduct in all our technological endeavors.  Qualificat
ions:  BS/MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields, demonstrating a solid academic background in relevant domains. 10+ years of
 experience architecting and delivering multi-platform solutions and demonstrating a deep understanding of technical and operational challenges. Profi
ciency in AI and machine learning technologies, programming languages (Python or Java), and familiarity with cloud computing platforms (AWS, Azure, Go
ogle Cloud). Experience with deep learning, NLP, or other AI subfields may be required. Experience with architecting services leveraging and integrati
ng frameworks such as NVIDIA Nemo, OpenAI, Avatar/Digital Person, and NLP technologies, ensuring optimal performance and compatibility. Exceptional te
chnical leadership and communication skills, demonstrating your ability to lead teams and projects successfully. A passion for continuous learning in 
this emergent and evolving field, showcasing your commitment to staying updated and bringing fresh ideas to the table.  The ability to travel or work 
in different locations, depending on project needs. Preferred Skills:  Advanced knowledge in AI and ML frameworks and libraries beyond basic proficien
cy, including experience with additional frameworks like Keras or libraries like sci-kit-learn. Certifications in AI and Machine Learning like TensorF
low Developer Certificate or NVIDIA Certified AI Developer Market experience in one or more of the following: financial services, telecommunications, 
industrial manufacturing, energy, consumer products, high-tech, media and entertainment, and automotive Understanding of the relationship between vari
ous open-source software and hardware components Deep understanding of security best practices, data privacy laws, and compliance requirements in clou
d and AI environments, possibly supported by certifications like Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Information 
Security Manager (CISM). Experience working in a customer-facing IaaS and PaaS environment preferred. TOGAF 9 Certified, TOGAF Business Architecture p
referred. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingPwCBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichConsultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management ConsultingWe in PwC are passionate to help our client
s to move towards what we call a “patient-centric” quality approach: We believe that Quality is the lifeblood of a Life Science organization. It is th
e root of the business, not just there for compliance but to support the growth and healthiness of the whole organisation. To grow effectively and man
age the network of cross-functional, branching processes well, you need not only connected technology systems but also a Quality culture. Quality is a
 living breathing part of the organisation, tended by trained and passionate staff throughout the business, driving operational excellence with the ul
timate goal to benefit the patient.  Consultant and Senior Consultant in Life Sciences Quality Management Consulting    Your Impact   You will, togeth
er with the team, deliver high-impact projects engaging with senior stakeholders from high-profile clients across the Life Sciences industry. The proj
ects typically include transforming (quality) operating models and implementing digital and analytics (quality) platforms across R&D, manufacturing / 
supply chain and commercial. This includes driving business performance through changing quality culture / mind-sets, improving processes and procedur
es, benefitting from process automation and enabling insights from advanced analytics and AI. The outcomes we help clients deliver include driving fas
ter development, manufacturing and commercial timelines, exploiting internal and external data through advanced analytics and machine learning, improv
ing quality and compliance amongst many others. The functions covered include all those across R&D, manufacturing and commercial, with particular focu
s on quality management / assurance, regulatory affairs, product safely and medical affairs. The role will work closely with our consulting teams cove
ring commercial, market access and other functions across the Life Sciences value chain. You will work with international clients and we will provide 
you the opportunity to gain experience working in multi-cultural teams within Switzerland and abroad. You will be collaborating with PwC's global netw
ork of life sciences and Technology experts, you will have access to our market leading propositions, methodologies, assets and training materials. Yo
u will work in a fast-growing team. The environment is driven by respect, collegiality and strong teamwork.     Your Skill Set   You have a Bachelor's
 or Master's degree in a science-related discipline plus initial experience working in life sciences, either as a consultant or within R&D, manufactur
ing or commercial at a life sciences company. You have had exposure to some of the following areas: GxP, data privacy / protection, digital strategy d
evelopment, operating model design, quality system improvement / maintenance, process improvement, technology implementation and digital & analytics t
echnologies in a GxP regulated environment. You pay attention to detail, have strong problem-solving skills and are technologically proficient. You ar
e passionate about “quality” and believe that quality is a catalyst to drive business performance and innovation in the health industries and markets.
 You have excellent teamworking, interpersonal, listening and communication skills. You are fluent in English and ideally have knowledge of German and
/or French and you have travel mobility to serve international clients. You are a passionate team player during worktime and enjoy socializing with cl
ients and colleagues after work.     Any questions? We are happy to help. Francisca Richter   About PwC PwC Switzerland is the leading audit and advis
ory company in Switzerland. As an independent member of the international PwC network, we help organisations and individuals to deliver solutions and 
sustained outcomes in the areas of assurance, advisory and tax services.KontaktPwCBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


HID Algorithms Software Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)Apple Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngArbeitsort:ZürichHID Algorithms Software Engineer - Jobs bei Apple (CH)HID Algorithms Software Engineer Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland Hardware Apple’s
 Human Interface Devices (HID) group is responsible for developing innovative ways to interact with Apple products. We work across product lines, deli
vering technologies like AirPods, iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other future Apple input technologies. The HID Algorithms team is an eclectic group with back
grounds in computer science, signal processing, machine learning, control theory, human factors, and more. We’re looking for a skilled software engine
er to help build the infrastructure and solution patterns for implementing our sensor data processing algorithms — the algorithms that underlie the in
teractive technologies our customers rely on everyday. In this role, you’ll design and build scalable, high-quality shared libraries for the future of
 Apple’s human interface devices! This is a key position at a focal point for HW/SW/UI integration. You will learn and work across multiple layers of 
the stack, from firmware to distributed data processing, and design innovative infrastructure for scalable, testable, production-quality algorithms. Y
ou will help our team build algorithm pipelines to translate sensor data into user intent, design new interactions, and validate their effectiveness f
or a large population. Key Qualifications  Minumum five years of experience in the industry. Strong C/C++ programming Solid experience in SW architect
ure design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) Knows what it takes to implement math routines efficiently in low-level C/C++, suc
h as signal/image processing algorithms or numerical solvers. You will be comfortable guiding colleagues to implement such routines while balancing sp
eed, memory consumption and readability Ability to communicate clearly and collaborate with cross-functional teams Excellent problem-solving and root-
cause analysis skills  Description The ideal engineer is comfortable working in a dynamic and creative team charged with crafting the way we will inte
ract with next-generation Apple products. You are self-motivated, an excellent problem solver, and a fast learner. You are quick to forge relationship
s and comfortable with change and ambiguity. You have strong technical leadership skills and enjoy collaborating with others toward the creation of co
mmercial-grade software. You will bring software expertise to a highly interdisciplinary team, working with engineers of many talents to tackle challe
nging problems. Education & Experience B.S. or M.S. in EE, CS, ME, mathematics, physics, or another engineering or technical field We would appreciate
 additional experience with: Exposure to AI/ML projects such as working with ML data engineering or algorithms teams Experience building scalable ML s
ystems spanning multiple teams or organizations Experience using large scale distributed cloud compute and data management systems Additional Requirem
ents  Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and adv
ancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discrimin
ate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. We will ensure that indivi
duals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform crucial job function
s, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation. KontaktApple Switzerland AG(0)15 Jobshttps:
//www.apple.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Researcher in Identification for Circular ConstructionETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichPhD Researcher in Identification for Circular ConstructionPhD Researcher in Identification for Circular Construction 100%, Zurich, fixed-t
erm The PhD Researcher will be an integral part of the research team working on the project "Intelligent Circular Construction" aimed at advancing cir
cular construction practices through digital innovation and AI technologies. The position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) 
offers a unique opportunity to contribute to cutting-edge research in sustainable construction and circular economy. Job description  Conduct research
 on digital inventory methods for building stock in circular construction, focusing on methods to capture relevant parameters to assess buildings cond
ition, safety, quality, and environmental sustainability. Collaborate with interdisciplinary team members to develop and implement digital solutions f
or large-scale reuse of building materials. Use surveying, reality capture (photogrammetry, LiDAR, etc.), computer vision, and machine learning techni
ques to identify and catalog building components during demolition processes. Analyze data collected from construction sites to predict material reuse
 potential, optimize reuse strategies and minimize waste. Contribute to the development of scientific publications based on research findings and part
icipate in conferences and site visits. Work closely with industry partners and stakeholders to ensure the practical application of research outcomes 
in real-world construction projects.  Your profile  Master's degree in a relevant field such as Computer Science, Civil Engineering, Architecture, or 
a related discipline. Strong background in digital technologies, reality capture, machine learning, and/or computer vision. Experience with data analy
sis, programming languages (e.g., Python, R), and software tools commonly used in construction research. Excellent communication skills and ability to
 work effectively in a collaborative research environment. Prior research experience in sustainable construction, circular economy, or related fields 
is desirable but not mandatory.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer  Opportunity to work on a cutting-edge research project with industry experts 
and leading academics. Access to state-of-the-art facilities, equipment, and resources at ETH Zurich and partner institutions. Competitive salary and 
benefits package commensurate with qualifications and experience. Professional development opportunities, including conference attendance and networki
ng with industry professionals.  We value diversity Curious? So are we. Your application should contain the following documents (make sure your last n
ame is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open and will last until 15.07.2024 or until the position is filled.
 Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A short position paper to show how you will address 
the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and rankin
g in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of 3 referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 3-minute video ex
plaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular construction (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anythin
g submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be considered. Shortliste
d candidates will be invited for interviews to discuss their research interests and qualifications further. Please note that we exclusively accept app
lications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions ple
ase contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute 
of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. A
ny emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Your applicatio
n should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open 
and will last until 15.07.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of pu
blications A short position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/li
st of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of 3
 referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 3-minute video explaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular constructi
on (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any appl
ication that is not complete will not be considered. Shortlisted candidates will be invited for interviews to discuss their research interests and qua
lifications further. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or po
stal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about 
the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Envir
onmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be
 answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer Full Stack Studienbegleitend (w/d/m) MIND. 60%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Februar 2021Pen
sum:60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, ZürichSoftware Engineer Full Stack Studienbegleitend (w/d/m) MIND. 60%Alle reden von 
Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative Softwareprodukte in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation un
d Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung und der konsequenten Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben moder
nste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann bist du bei BSI goldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben Du gestaltest spannende Kundenprojekte von Anfang
 bis Ende, ab dem ersten Tag. In einem interdisziplinären, agilen Team entwickelst du masseschneiderte Lösungen für geschäftskritische Softwaresysteme
. Du nutzt modernste Technologie und bringst uns mit deinen Innovationen weiter. Wir suchen Macher An Universität oder Fachhochschule studierend Freud
e an Software und Kundenkontakt Kenntnisse in der Software-Entwicklung, v.a. Java und JavaScript Initiative, Kreativität, Teamgeist, Verantwortung, an
alytisches Denken Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Starke Gründe für BSI Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektalltag und für deine Weiterentwickl
ung Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Orte Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hierarchie Vielfältige Weiterbildungsmögli
chkeiten Beteiligung an den Studiengebühren BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Channel Manager DACH & Eastern EuropeExeon Analytics AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hChannel Manager DACH & Eastern Europe    80-100% | immediately or according to arrangeme nt | DACH About Exeon: Exeon Analytics is a Swiss cyber tech
 company specializing in the protection of IT and OT networks through AI-driven security analytics. Our Network Detection & Response (NDR) platform Ex
eonTrace allows companies to monitor corporate networks, immediately detect cyber threats and thus effectively protect their organization’s IT landsca
pe - quickly, reliably, and completely hardware-free. The self-learning algorithms for detecting anomalies in network activity were developed at ETH Z
urich and are based on more than ten years of academic research. Exeon was awarded as one of the top three high-tech companies at the SEF 2021 and con
sists of an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, machine learning experts, white hat hackers, network security specialists and business professi
onals. Exeon is determined to become the leading NDR provider in Europe and already counts renowned companies such as PostFinance, Planzer and SWISS A
irlines among its customers. What your impact will be like: As Channel Manager in DACH & Eastern Europe, you will be a key member of our channel team,
 reporting to our Head of Channel. You will strengthen our existing partner landscape in DACH and build up our channel in Eastern Europe. You will ide
ntify, establish, maintain and expand Exeon’s long-term channel partnerships in assigned regions. In particular, you will: Acquire, establish and furt
her develop long-term channel partnerships. Develop, monitor and own business plans and campaigns to achieve common goals with partners and distributo
rs.  Support the development of structures, assets and initiatives to enable and activate partners and distributors. Take responsibility for onboardin
g new channel partners and for the knowledge exchange between Exeon, partners and distributors. Lead all contractual aspects of partnerships. Be the f
irst point of contact for partners & distributors and coordinate partner matters with Exeon's Sales team. What you can expect from us: Exeon offers an
 open company culture that values and encourages diversity, teamwork and a growth mindset. Our goal is to provide our employees with an exciting, supp
ortive and motivating environment for personal growth and career development while ensuring that our team maintains a healthy work-life balance. We st
rive to achieve this by offering: Manifold opportunities to shape your professional profile and grow according to your personal goals in an innovative
 start-up environment. Working in close collaboration with our interdisciplinary team and learning from our Security Experts, Data Scientists, and Bus
iness Professionals Taking over responsibilities quickly and help shape and promote a cutting-edge security software. A high degree of trust, flexibil
ity and independence An exciting and impactful job in a fast-growing Swiss cyber tech company expanding across Europe. Many freedoms in terms of worki
ng hours and place of work A young, diverse and dynamic team of tech and business professionals A competitive salary and appealing benefits package Lo
ts of fun, exciting interactions and new challenges    What makes a good person-job-fit: We are looking for a proactive, self-motivated and enthusiast
ic individual who’s comfortable in a high-paced scale-up environment. In addition, we are looking for certain requirements and skills to establish a g
ood person-job-fit: A communicative personality with a passion for channel management. An established network in the DACH & Eastern Europe IT channel 
landscape. An entrepreneurial mindset to significantly shape Exeon's indirect sales. Several years of experience in dealing with IT security partners,
 especially handling partner contracts, creating and implementing business plans and marketing activities, ensuring knowledge transfer. A networker wi
th a convincing appearance in German and English. KontaktExeon Analytics AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.exeon.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Process Automation LeadThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:AllschwilBusiness Process Automation Lead  Job Description     Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with ann
ual revenue exceeding $40 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are ac
celerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or growing efficiency in their l
aboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 100,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies
, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen,
 Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD.   Fisher Clinical Services GmbH is part of Thermo Fisher Scientific Corporation, a world-clas
s company serving the scientific community and healthcare industry. We are leaders in providing clinical supply chain management services and clinical
 supplies distributed to patients worldwide. For more information about our site in Allschwil please visit: www.fisherclinicalservices.com    Your Res
ponsibilities:   Analyzing current business processes and finding opportunities for automation and AI. Designing and implementing efficient and effect
ive business process automation solutions. Collaborating with customers to understand their requirements and struggles. Providing technical expertise,
 guidance, and support. Supporting the design and implementation of automation and AI solutions. Conducting feasibility studies and cost-benefit analy
sis for automation and AI projects. Leading and supervising automation & AI projects. Developing and maintaining process documentation. Ensuring compl
iance and quality control. Providing training and support to end-users. Monitoring and evaluating the performance of automated processes. Keeping up-t
o-date with industry trends and best practices in business process automation and AI.     Your Qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
, Engineering, or a related field, Master's degree is preferred and 8-10 years relevant business experience. Proven experience in designing and implem
enting automation and AI solutions. Solid understanding of programming languages such as Python, R, or Java. Proficiency in machine learning technique
s, algorithms, and frameworks. Familiarity with automation tools and platforms, such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Analytical AI, and Generativ
e AI. Expertise of data analysis, data visualization, and statistical modeling. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong communication 
and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Ability to work independently and lead multiple pro
jects simultaneously. Continuous learning attitude and willingness to adapt to new technologies and methodologies.    When your part of the team at Th
ermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our fo
od is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. Watch as our colleagues explain 5 reasons t
o work with us (https://jobs.thermofisher.com/global/en/5-reasons-to-work-at-thermo-fisher-scientific) . As one team of 100,000+ colleagues, we share 
a common set of values - Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement - working together to accelerate research, solve complex scientific challeng
es, drive technological innovation and support patients in need. #StartYourStory at Thermo Fisher Scientific, where diverse experiences, backgrounds a
nd perspectives are valued. ​ ​Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com  ​Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not
 discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability o
r any other legally protected status. KontaktThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AG(0)33 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Angular Developer (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungLohn:
CHF 100 000 - 120 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:6302 Zug  Unser Kunde bietet dir die Chance, Teil eines erfolgr
eichen und innovativen Teams zu sein, das sich auf die Entwicklung und Anwendung von digitalen Technologien spezialisiert hat. Du wirst in einer agile
n Arbeitsumgebung arbeiten und die Möglichkeit haben, an Projekten teilzunehmen, die sich auf die Optimierung von Geschäftsprozessen und die Steigerun
g der Leistung von Kunden konzentrieren. Du wirst die Möglichkeit haben, dein Wissen und deine Fähigkeiten in Bereichen wie Machine Learning, Datenana
lyse und Automatisierung zu erweitern und anzuwenden.    Deine Aufgaben:   Kundenunterstützung in zahlreichen Branchen und Projekten, je nach Ihrem Hi
ntergrund und Ihren Interessengebieten Beratung und Implementierung von Softwarelösungen auf der Grundlage der skizzierten Anforderungen oder "User St
ories" Sicherstellung, dass die Standards des Auftraggebers in Bezug auf Qualität, Systematik und Methodik eingehalten werden Erstellen grafische Benu
tzeroberflächen für unterschiedliche Ausgabemedien (Desktop, Mobile) und sind mit "Responsive Design" vertraut   Dein Profil:   Abgeschlossenes Hochsc
hulstudium (ETH, FH, Uni, HF) in Informatik oder Wirtschaftsinformatik Mindestens fünf Jahre Erfahrung in der Konzeption, Gestaltung und Umsetzung von
 Frontend-Lösungen, insbesondere mit Angular 2 oder höher sowie mit anderen modernen Webtechnologien (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript-Frameworks) Erfahrung in
 der Entwicklung von Java oder Java Enterprise Edition ist erforderlich Beherrschung klassischer und agiler Praktiken, wie Scrum und/oder Kanban Flies
sende Deutschkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift und gute Sprachkenntnisse in Englisch Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Verwaltungsassistenz mit HR-ErfahrungUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:29 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich
Verwaltungsassistenz mit HR-ErfahrungDas neu gegründete Institut für Mathematische Modellierung und Machine Learning (IM3L) verknüpft die mathematisch
e Forschung mit fachspezifischen Anwendungen der Datenwissenschaften und trägt sowohl zur Weiterentwicklung dieser als auch zur Lösung gesellschaftlic
her Herausforderungen bei. Für unser neu gegründetes Institut suchen wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung eine  Verwaltungsassistenz mit HR-Erfahrung
 80-100 %   Verwaltungsassistenz mit HR-Erfahrung    Ihre Aufgaben Personalverantwortung: Eigenständige Abwicklung der administrativen Prozesse von Ei
ntritt bis Austritt Beratung und Unterstützung der Institutsangehörigen in sämtlichen Personalbelangen Mitarbeit in Personal-Projekten  Führen eines o
der mehrerer Lehrstuhlsekretariate: Betreuung sämtlicher Finanzen eines oder mehrerer Lehrstühle Unterstützung bei der Organisation von Veranstaltunge
n, Anlässen und Symposien Betreuung von Drittmittelprojekten  Institutssekretariat: Erstellung, Verwaltung und Kontrolle des Instituts-Budgets Vor- un
d Nachbereitungen von Sitzungen Allgemeine Sekretariatsaufgaben     Ihr Profil   Selbstständige, dienstleistungsorientierte und unkomplizierte Persönl
ichkeit mit administrativem Flair Solide kaufmännische Basis mit entsprechender Berufserfahrung, idealerweise im akademischen Umfeld Erfahrung und/ode
r Weiterbildung im HR Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Sehr gute MS-Office Kenntnisse sind Pflicht     Wir bieten Ihnen   Ein abwechslungsrei
ches und spannendes Aufgabenspektrum mit grosser Selbständigkeit und der Möglichkeit zum job-sharing Breites Weiterbildungsangebot sowie Kostenbeteili
gung an Weiterbildungen Die Anstellungsbedingungen richten sich nach dem kantonalen Personalrecht und umfassen zeitgemässe Sozialleistungen     Weiter
e Auskünfte  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ICT Administrator (w/d/m) 80% - 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 April 2022Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, ZürichICT Administrator (w/d/m) 80% - 100%Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innovative
 Softwareprodukte in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierung un
d der konsequenten Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Dann b
ist du bei BSI goldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben Betrieb und Überwachung der gesamten BSI Infrastruktur (CH / DE) Anlaufstelle für 1st & 2nd Level Support f
ür BSI Projekte Betreuung und Verwaltung von Windows und Linux Systemen sowie deren Inventarisierung Verwaltung von Microsoft 365 und Azure Unterstütz
ung bei Evaluation, Konzeption und Weiterentwicklung der Infrastruktur Lösungen Administration von Client und Server Management Analyse und Bearbeitun
g von User-Feedbacks und Störungen Wir suchen Macher Abgeschlossene Ausbildung in der Informatik oder entsprechende Weiterbildung Erfahrung im Bereich
 ICT-Infrastruktur (Verwaltung und Administration) Kenntnisse im Bereich Linux und Windows Betriebssystemen Affinität für Cloud Systeme (M365, Azure, 
Teams, SharePoint, VDI, W365) Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse Starke Gründe für BSI Flexible Karrierewege und vielfältige Weiterbildungsmögl
ichkeiten Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektalltag und für deine Weiterentwicklung Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, ke
ine Hierarchie Unternehmerische Gestaltungs- und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Orte Stelle entdecken BewerbenJob merkenDiesen J
ob melden


Data & AI Business Development Manager (Romandie)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:L
ausanneData & AI Business Development Manager (Romandie)Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services c
ompany dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We wor
k with some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufactur
ing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 110+ talented individuals across 5 office lo
cations.   Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital transfor
mation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboration on p
ro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.     Are You a team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Business Development Manage
rto join our Growth organisation in Lausanne. The purpose of the role is to actively execute Unit8’s go-to-market and drive new business acquisition. 
You will help our customers obtain value from the latest data & AI technologies by driving an entire lifecycle of customer engagement - from the initi
al prospecting, via leading business development activities (needs understanding, pre-sales, presentations, proposal build up) and negotiations & cont
racting. You will partner with our delivery organisation to onboard new customers and your will play a key role to ensure the customer success.    Wha
t You’ll Do As a Data & AI Business Development Manager within the Growth team you’ll be faced with the following challenges within a high-growth, fas
t moving company:    Actively execute on Unit8’s GTM to the Swiss customers to win new customers and projects (quota carrying)  Consult our existing a
nd new clients on their challenges and needs related to Data & AI End to end responsibility for customer acquisition from lead generation to deal sign
ature (you will be assigned yearly sales quota)  Contribute to broader business development by preparing and participating in industry conferences, co
mmunities, workshops and events Help our customers leverage Data & AI (including GenAI) technology advancements by identifying the customers needs and
 translating them into value add solutions     You are:   Strong track record of business development in IT consulting /services with at least 5-8 yea
rs of working experience in the domain Proven business development experience in enterprise consultative selling (3-5 years) Strong business developme
nt and consulting skills with experience in advising clients on data-based topics such as data, analytics, machine learning and cloud   Self driven, c
an do attitude, fast learner, ready to face challenges as they arise Highly organised and independent  The ideal candidate is fluent in English (manda
tory) and French (mandatory). German is nice to have Great communicator, dynamic and motivated to represent Unit8 externally  Ability and willingness 
to travel up to 25% of the time (mostly Switzerland and DACH region)  What we offer?  An opportunity to join the fastest growing Swiss Company (accord
ing to Financial Times) A young, high growth services company which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environ
ment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance to co-build Unit8 Sales compensation dependent on the sales performance Work on cutting-edge dat
a, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries Help shape company GTM regarding Data Platforms  A culture that
 is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding when and f
rom where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support with both t
ime and budget) KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data & AI Business Development Manager (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:ZürichData & AI Business Development Manager (Zurich, Switzerland)Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consu
lting and services company dedicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturin
g and pharma. We work with some of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations,
 finance, manufacturing or R&D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 110+ talented individual
s across 5 office locations.   Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate th
eir digital transformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that include
s collaboration on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes.     Are You a team member we are looking for?  Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Busines
s Development Managerto join our Growth organisation in Zurich. The purpose of the role is to actively execute Unit8’s go-to-market and drive new busi
ness acquisition. You will help our customers obtain value from the latest data & AI technologies by driving an entire lifecycle of customer engagemen
t - from the initial prospecting, via leading business development activities (needs understanding, pre-sales, presentations, proposal build up) and n
egotiations & contracting. You will partner with our delivery organisation to onboard new customers and your will play a key role to ensure the custom
er success.    What You’ll Do As a Data & AI Business Development Manager within the Growth team you’ll be faced with the following challenges within 
a high-growth, fast moving company:    Actively execute on Unit8’s GTM to the Swiss customers to win new customers and projects (quota carrying)  Cons
ult our existing and new clients on their challenges and needs related to Data & AI End to end responsibility for customer acquisition from lead gener
ation to deal signature (you will be assigned yearly sales quota)  Contribute to broader business development by preparing and participating in indust
ry conferences, communities, workshops and events Help our customers leverage Data & AI (including GenAI) technology advancements by identifying the c
ustomers needs and translating them into value add solutions     You are:   Strong track record of business development in IT consulting /services wit
h at least 5-8 years of working experience in the domain Proven business development experience in enterprise consultative selling (3-5 years) Strong 
business development and consulting skills with experience in advising clients on data-based topics such as data, analytics, machine learning and clou
d   Self driven, can do attitude, fast learner, ready to face challenges as they arise Highly organised and independent  The ideal candidate is fluent
 in English (mandatory) and German (mandatory). French is nice to have Great communicator, dynamic and motivated to represent Unit8 externally  Abilit
y and willingness to travel up to 25% of the time (mostly Switzerland and DACH region)  What we offer?  An opportunity to join the fastest growing Swi
ss Company (according to Financial Times) A young, high growth services company which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entre
preneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance to co-build Unit8 Sales compensation dependent on the sales performance Work o
n cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries Help shape company GTM regarding Data Platfor
ms  A culture that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility re
garding when and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 s
upport with both time and budget) KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Intern Global Commercial Business ManagementSwarovski (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbei
tsort:ZürichIntern Global Commercial Business Management At Swarovski, where innovation meets inspiration, our people desire to explore, experience an
d create. As an Intern Global Commercial Business Management you will get a chance to work in a rewarding role within a diverse team that is pushing b
oundaries. Be part of a truly iconic global brand, learn and grow with us. We’re bold and inventive, revealing astonishing things like no one else can
. A world of wonder awaits you.   About the job: Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Leading the process of extracting data from v
arious internal systems, ensuring seamless integration while upholding data integrity and accuracy standards. Undertaking the role of cleansing and pr
eprocessing raw data to enhance its quality and consistency. Tasks include outlier removal, handling missing values, and standardizing formats to prep
are the data for further analysis. Conducting comprehensive exploratory data analysis (EDA) to unveil patterns, trends, and insights within retail dat
a, providing valuable inputs crucial for strategic decision-making within the organization. Utilizing tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Matplotlib/Seab
orn in Python to craft visually compelling data visualizations, dashboards, and reports, and effectively communicating key findings and insights deriv
ed from the data analysis process to stakeholders. Extending responsibilities to developing predictive models using various machine learning algorithm
s, aiming to anticipate sales trends and contribute to the formulation of commercial strategies.    About you: We are looking for a unique and amazing
 talent who brings along the following:    A university degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field, or current
ly pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in the aforementioned fields. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Proficiency in English, wit
h excellent presentation and communication skills. Team orientation and the ability to work effectively with all levels of the organization. An innova
tive and creative approach whenever possible, coupled with a can-do attitude    What we offer You can expect a range of benefits, including:  Swarovsk
i products discounts Full coverage of accident insurance Attractive pension fund conditions Employee canteen with buffet    Masters of Light Since 189
5 Swarovski creates beautiful crystal-based products of impeccable quality and craftsmanship that bring joy and celebrate individuality. Founded in 18
95 in Austria, the company designs, manufactures and sells the world's finest crystal, gemstones, Swarovski Created Diamonds and zirconia, jewelry, an
d accessories, as well as crystal objects and home accessories. Swarovski Crystal Business has a global reach with approximately 2,400 stores and 6,70
0 points of sales in around 140 countries and employs more than 18,000 people. Together with its sister companies Swarovski Optik (optical devices) an
d Tyrolit (abrasives), Swarovski Crystal Business forms the Swarovski Group. A responsible relationship with people and the planet is part of Swarovsk
i’s heritage. Today this legacy is rooted in sustainability measures across the value chain, with an emphasis on circular innovation, championing dive
rsity, inclusion and self-expression, and in the philanthropic work of the Swarovski Foundation, which supports charitable organizations bringing posi
tive environmental and social impact. Swarovski is an equal opportunity employer. We give our people the guts to celebrate individuality and pride our
selves on creating a workplace where people feel involved, respected, valued, connected, and heard. A place where anyone/everyone belongs. All aspects
 of employment including the decision to hire, promote, discipline, or discharge, will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs.
 We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregna
ncy, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under the law of the countries we operat
e in. KontaktSWAROVSKI AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT(0)20 Jobshttps://www.swarovski.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100%Ernst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungA
rbeitsort:8005 ZurichSenior Consultant - Forensics eDiscovery Services 100%At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with 
the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective
 to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The rapidly gro
wingForensic Technology & eDiscoverydepartment is currently seeking the right candidate for an excellent career opportunity to help us develop and int
egrate our Forensic Technology and eDiscovery service offering in the Zurich market. Our team is a multidisciplinary group of professionals who are op
erating on projects in all parts of Switzerland as well as in big cross boarder cases around the globe.    The opportunity    We apply our technical k
nowhow in large international eDiscovery projects and in investigations where we work close with the business teams to support and accelerate the fact
-finding process with our technologies and tools We conduct IT-Investigations and Cyber Incident Response Cases were specific IT-Forensic knowhow for 
a technical fact-finding is required Our methodology incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as machine learning, correlation engines, s
ocial network analysis, statistical as well as natural language analysis, predictive coding, and automation.       Your key responsibilities       Wor
king in engagement teams, carrying out both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data Collaborating wi
th clients, fraud investigators, internal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations 
Innovating and developing new methodologies and processes and bringing solutions to existing and future clients Supporting the leadership team and the
 project manager on the operational level and acting as a role model for more junior team members     Skills and attributes for success    Degree (Bac
helor or Master) in Computer Science or related fields and at least 3 years of hands on experience in eDiscovery and digital investigation in a reputa
ble consulting/eDiscovery firm At least 3 years of experience with Relativity, Nuix, SQL and other state-of-the-art eDiscovery tools Solid knowledge o
f IT Infrastructure and Security topics as well as high level understanding of at least one programming or scripting language Assertive and proactive 
approach to the delivery and implementation of projects, as well as the ability to network and build relationships effectively within large organizati
ons and clients Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German is required – any additional language is a plus      What we o
ffer    International multi-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Continuous personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of t
rainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent pe
rformance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, whi
lst working with EY, completely free*    If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next
 step and apply for this positiononline. For further information please contact our recruitment team (E-Mail schreiben/ +41 58 286 33 66).   The excep
tional EY experience. It’s yours to build.    * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni     EY | Building a better working world    EY exists 
to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.    Enabled 
by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.   Working
 across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing ou
r world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zür
ichCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, ot
her cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review 
your options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigati
on, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's project Chemical Reservoir Computing Project description T
he brain is the world’s most amazing, energy-efficient computer and runs entirely on chemical reactions. The vision of the EU Project CORENET is to de
ploy complex chemical reaction networks (CRNs) as computing unit to process information. Fully automated liquid-handling hardware and multi-functional
 reactors are available to initiate and control chemical reactions by changing composition and steering the evolution of the CRN. As a result, a large
 number of chemically diverse products is being generated and analyzed by a combination of optical inline spectroscopy (e.g. UV-VIS and FT-IR) and off
line mass-spectroscopy (e.g. LC-MS, MS-MS, TIMS-ToF), supported by cheminformatics and metabolomics algorithms. The goal of this master project is to 
treat the chemical processor as a reservoir and use it for classification tasks. This work includes:  extraction of compound-specific features from ex
isting analytical data; creating an output feature vector comprising both qualitative and quantitative information; establishing a data pipeline to au
tomatically feed in feature vectors for different input parameters covering a large phase space (chemical input + operation input + initial state); pe
rforming in-silico trainings for typical classification problems and different type of CRNs, and search and calculate elementary reaction pathways con
necting CRN feedstock reagents with selected compounds verified by MS-MS spectroscopy for reasoning by quantum chemistry.  Besides these data science 
tasks, interaction with the chemical computer located at IBM Research Europe - Zurich (in Rüschlikon, Switzerland) is desired to iteratively optimize 
the chemical protocols used for the operation of the wet-chemistry system. In addition to the static input variation of the CRN, dynamic operation com
bined with real-time read-out may be targeted. Furthermore, theoretical quantum chemistry models should be applied to reason about the evolution of th
e CRN by suggesting and calculating elementary reaction pathways connecting species in the network with experimentally validated compounds. Requiremen
ts Applicants are expected to hold a bachelor's degree in computer, data or mathematical science, theoretical chemistry or an engineering discipline a
nd to have a broad interest in data science, chemistry, automatization and artificial intelligence. A background in statistics and machine learning as
 well as hands-on experience with data analysis in Python, R, or MATLAB is required. Excellent communication and presentation skills would be of added
 value. If you are enthusiastic, willing to learn and explore, and want to become part of an open, collaborative and multi-cultural team dedicated to 
scientific excellence, then please apply below. Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the workplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural
 environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired balance between their professional development and thei
r personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this position and you fulfill all the requirements, please submit your application including a
 motivation letter, a complete curriculum vitae and the names of at least two references. For technical questions, please contact please contact Dr. E
manuel Lörtscher, E-Mail schreiben.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD student in nonlinear optics for analog computingETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:Züri
chPhD student in nonlinear optics for analog computingPhD student in nonlinear optics for analog computing 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Optical Nanoma
terial Laboratory in the Physics Department at ETH Zurich is looking for a PhD student in nonlinear optics for analog computing. Project background A 
complex medium (also known as disordered or random medium) is an optical system that mixes the spatial and temporal degrees of freedom of an incident 
field, resulting in a scrambled intensity distribution at its output. The large number of internal degrees of freedom makes the output intensity patte
rn random, yet deterministic. Consequently, it is possible to characterize – and even control – the propagation of light through the medium, allowing 
the disordered system to perform a variety of tasks when combined with programmable modulators. Applications include the control of various properties
 of light, such as intensity, polarization, spectrum, and coherence. In the Optical Nanomaterial group, we have introduced an additional layer of comp
lexity to random media: optical nonlinearity. The nonlinear disordered medium is composed of nanodomains characterized by a second-order susceptibilit
y tensor. As such, each nanodomain generates second-harmonic (SH) waves with random amplitude and phase when excited by a fundamental beam. The interf
erence of the generated waves leads to efficient nonlinear light generation without stringent conditions on the polarization and wavelength of the fun
damental light, which is not possible with bulk crystals. Our material provides a unique platform to study the combined effect of nonlinear light gene
ration and multiple scattering. Job description The PhD project aims to exploit the large number of modes supported by the random structure to enable 
large-scale nonlinear optical operators for photonic machine learning and quantum optics. The former relies on the second harmonic generation to imple
ment a large reservoir of nonlinear operations, while the latter involves the theoretical and experimental characterization of the spontaneous paramet
ric down-conversion (SPDC) process in nonlinear disordered media, and the subsequent control of the generated quantum states. The project will include
 all steps from: fabrication of the nonlinear disordered samples, carried out in the group’s chemistry lab, followed by optical and material character
ization; investigation of the fundamental properties of the interplay between multiple scattering and nonlinear generation; design and implementation 
of photonic neural network based on the large reservoir of random nonlinear operations; theoretical and experimental investigation of the SPDC process
 in random nonlinear media and the control of the generated photons’ state. The preferred starting date is June 2024. Your profile The successful cand
idate should be creative, well-organized, and highly motivated to work in a photonic laboratory, with emphasis on free-space optics experiments with n
onlinear disordered systems. The candidate should have a Master’s degree in physics, quantum engineering, electrical engineering, photonics or related
 fields. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to an
 exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiv
ing your application including  a cover letter CV transcripts of Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees contact information of two referees.  For further inf
ormation please contact Prof. Rachel Grange (E-Mail schreiben) or visit our website. Only applications submitted via the online tool will be considere
d. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your application including  a cover letter CV transcripts of Bachelor’s and Maste
r’s degrees contact information of two referees.  For further information please contact Prof. Rachel Grange (E-Mail schreiben) or visit our website. 
Only applications submitted via the online tool will be considered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Master Thesis - Large-scale address inferenceVerity AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichM
aster Thesis - Large-scale address inferenceVerity is the global leader in autonomous indoor drone systems. Our integrated inventory tracking system e
nables zero-error warehousing for retailers, third-party logistics providers, and manufacturers. People generally use addresses to communicate points 
of interest, such as streets and numbers for buildings, aisle numbers in supermarkets, or room numberings inside buildings. People routinely use these
 addressing schemes to find places previously unknown to them, but machines struggle to do so without a complete address book. The goal of this master
 thesis is to investigate estimation methods that infer an address book based on imperfect sparse observations of address-location pairs and logical a
ddressing rules. As an extension, optimal observation sampling methods can be investigated. Relevant topics include: • Machine learning • Bayesian inf
erence • Factor graphs This thesis will be carried out at Verity AG, where fleets of autonomous drones will use the inferred address book to find thei
r way through some of the largest warehouses in the world. Verity’s system is used by industry leaders around the world, including DSV, Maersk, and Ke
he. Verity's live events solutions help create stunning effects for top names in the entertainment industry like Drake, Céline Dion, Justin Bieber, Me
tallica, and Cirque du Soleil. We continuously reach beyond existing limitations to re-think, reimagine, and rework the role of robotics in the world 
today. KontaktVerity AG(0)12 Jobshttps://www.verity.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


ICT System Engineer (w/d/m) 60% - 100%BSI Business Systems Integration AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2022Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Festans
tellungArbeitsort:Baar, Baden, Bern, ZürichICT System Engineer (w/d/m) 60% - 100%Alle reden von Digitalisierung – Wir machen es. Wir entwickeln innova
tive Softwareprodukte in den Bereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation und Machine Learning. Unternehmen bei der Digitalisierun
g und der konsequenten Kundenzentrierung zu begleiten, ist unsere Leidenschaft. Wir lieben modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation. Du auch? Da
nn bist du bei BSI goldrichtig! Deine Aufgaben Evaluation, Konzeption und Weiterentwicklung neuer ICT-Lösungen und -Standards sowie selbstständige Ums
etzung Betrieb, Überwachung und Automatisierung von ICT-Systemen an verschiedenen Standorten (DE /CH) Unterstützung der BSI Software-Projekte im Berei
ch System Engineering Analyse und Bearbeitung von User-Feedbacks und Störungen Wir suchen Macher Hochschulabschluss Bachelor oder Master (ETH/FH/Uni) 
oder entsprechende Berufserfahrung mit Weiterbildung Erfahrung im Bereich IT-Infrastruktur (Integration, Konfiguration und Betrieb) Fundiertes Wissen 
im Bereich Linux und Microsoft Umgebungen und deren Integration mit Cloud und On-Premises-Systemen (M365, Azure, Exchange, Teams, SharePoint) Erfahrun
g mit Active Directory, AAD, ADFS, GPOs, DNS, DHCP Kenntnisse im Bereich Virtualisierungen (Hypervisor und Containerisierung) Sehr gute Deutsch- und E
nglischkenntnisse Starke Gründe für BSI Flexible Karrierewege und vielfältige Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten Persönliche Betreuung, im Projektalltag und 
für deine Weiterentwicklung Eigene Forschungsprojekte im BSI Lab Möglichkeiten für berufsbegleitendes Studium Wertschätzende Firmenkultur, keine Hiera
rchie Unternehmerische Gestaltungs- und Beteiligungsmöglichkeiten Flexible Arbeitszeiten und Orte Stelle entdecken BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Mobile DeveloperEx Machina SaglBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2020Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuganoMobile DeveloperJob Openi
ng: Mobile Developer – Lugano Building successful mobile apps and games requires solid software engineering skills, including the robust application o
f tests and design patterns. You can show proven ability to develop complex native apps both for iOS and Android, as well as to craft components in C/
C++. In addition, you like to play ahead of the crowd and stay tuned with mobile technologies as they are made available (can you read Swift?). Experi
ence in computer vision, low-power systems or machine learning is a plus. Fluency in English is mandatory. At Ex Machina we leverage the excellence of
 our staff. The added value of innovation and quality comes from our company’s culture as well as from the talents and commitment of our team. If you 
are passionate for software engineering, care about robustness and elegance of the code you craft, and you think you can add skills and enthusiasm to 
our team, then we want to hear from you! We only accept direct applications for permanent positions in staff. No profiles from recruiting agencies ple
ase. No freelance please. No off-shoring please. Only direct applications please. Apply now!  Upload your CV (PDF OR WORD) I have read and agree to th
e Privacy Policy of this websiteAPPLY BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingLand Zwitserland Locatie Switzerland Werkplaats GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Werkgever bedrijf TotalEnergie
s Gas & Power Ltd Domein Strategie Economie Onderneming Contracttype Onbepaalde tijd Ervaring Minimaal 3 jaar Profiel kandidaat  You are university ed
ucated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly quantitative com
ponent, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a relevant experie
nce in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OOP) with profi
ciency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning and linear o
ptimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Experience with C
loud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as well as ability 
to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in
 English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, w
e believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity employer committ
ed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender
, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other p
rotected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activiteiten What 
you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas an
d Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requiring a quant
itative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamentals expert
s, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, advisory and
 support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance and work w
ith trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders take posit
ions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique problems a
s well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will get exposure 
and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products). Activitie
s:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning). Develop 
analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into the models
. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process optimization.
 Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique problems wh
ere advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the right tool and 
right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceive new metho
ds, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to levera
ge data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the right trad
ing decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guidelines and s
upport to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy needs of a gro
wing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk management and
 a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, entrepreneursh
ip spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinforcing the 
competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safety in all ou
r actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edge, we culti
vate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our people and the
ir skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the f
ield of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external fact
ors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & demand mismatche
s) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new energy source
s, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon N
eutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Trading entities 
are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings together very l
arge teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) 
is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal 
and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purchase & sales
 portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company trading guidelin
es. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutralit
y by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingLand Schweiz Ort Switzerland Ort des Arbeitsplatzes GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Unternehmen des Arbeitgebe
rs TotalEnergies Gas & Power Ltd Domain Strategy Economics Business Art des Auftrags Unbefristeter Vertrag Erfahrung Mindestens 3 Jahre Profil der Bew
erberin/des Bewerbers  You are university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience 
in a position with a highly quantitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity 
markets and have acquired a relevant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Str
ong coding skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) 
Proficiency in machine learning and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience worki
ng with data architectures Experience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resour
ceful and well organised as well as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and pres
ent them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working
 with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. 
We are an equal opportunity employer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for emplo
yment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, genetic information or any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary acc
ommodations upon request. Aktivitäten What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of
 the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and de
aling with complex issues requiring a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA t
eam is formed of market fundamentals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA te
am contributes interpretation, advisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence th
e global TGP trading performance and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveragi
ng data in order to help traders take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-dept
h analysis of complex and unique problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Pow
er trading desks but you will get exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, elect
ricity, emissions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stac
k optimization, machine learning). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and b
uild data pipelines feeding into the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to 
enable automation and process optimization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise a
nd structure complex and unique problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis 
and modelling to choose the right tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct ex
tensive investigation to conceive new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accou
ntabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional valu
e for the Company by driving the right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly pow
er) and management. Supply guidelines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are 
committed to meet the energy needs of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets
 requires excellence in risk management and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environm
ent that promotes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achi
eve collaborative success. Reinforcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development 
and we pledge to encourage safety in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that 
requests to be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine
, where the diversity of our people and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Kontext & Umgebung TotalEnergies Gas and Power is t
he trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics 
influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatil
ity of prices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energ
y mix, developments of new energy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in 
order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas an
d electricity trading. Trading entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in 
Geneva, which now brings together very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (
TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving
 market dynamics influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is respons
ible for optimising the purchase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in comp
liance with the Company trading guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to
 reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GenfData Scientist – Power Markets modellingCountry Switzerland Location Switzerland Workplace location GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Employer company Tot
alEnergies Gas & Power Ltd Domain Strategy Economics Business Type of contract Regular position Experience Minimum 3 years Candidate Profile  You are 
university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly qua
ntitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a rel
evant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OO
P) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning
 and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Expe
rience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as wel
l as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat ma
nnerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At Tot
alEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity emp
loyer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, 
color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information o
r any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activ
ities What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEner
gies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requir
ing a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamen
tals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, a
dvisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance
 and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders
 take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique
 problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will ge
t exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products)
. Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning
). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into
 the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process op
timization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique 
problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the righ
t tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceiv
e new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP abilit
y to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the
 right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guide
lines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy nee
ds of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk man
agement and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, ent
repreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinf
orcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safet
y in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edg
e, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our peo
ple and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergi
es in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and ex
ternal factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & deman
d mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new en
ergy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective 
of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Tradin
g entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings toge
ther very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and P
ower (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced b
y internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purch
ase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company tradi
ng guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbo
n Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Distinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftCisco Systems (Switzerland) GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:RolleDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - OutshiftDistinguished Engineer - Applied Science - Outshift     Location:Rolle, S
witzerland     Alternate LocationZurich, Switzerland or Paris, France     Area of InterestEngineer - Software     Job TypeProfessional     Technology 
InterestAI or Artificial Intelligence, Software Development     Job Id1416115 Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. Th
is exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant 
position opens. Who We Are Who You'll Work With What You'll Do The Impact You’ll Make Your Responsibilities Will Include  Lead a team of applied scien
tists and drive applied ML initiatives across products. Drive the generative AI strategy and lead strategic initiatives to employ the most recent adva
nces in ML/AI including multimodal Large Language models (MLLMs) in a fast-paced, experimental environment and create differentiation. Lead developmen
t, implementation, and optimization of LLMs & MLLMs, including training, finetuning, and computational optimizations and deliver novel and highly impa
ctful features. Work with peer leaders in Outshift and wider Cisco Senior AI practitioners (PE, DE, Fellows) from other business groups to align strat
egies and collaborate on AI initiatives. Conduct research and develop innovative AI models using state-of-the-art techniques that include NLP, CV, tim
eseries, image, video, audio, and other modalities. Mentor applied scientists and holding us to a high standard of technical rigor and excellence in M
L. Provide guidance to the team on State-of-the-Art techniques and model architectures across generative AI.  Minimum Requirements  PhD in machine lea
rning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitative fields and 10+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural langua
ge processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. OR Masters in machine learning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related quantitat
ive fields and 14+ years of industry experience in deep learning, natural language processing & understanding, reinforcement learning. 8+ years exp in
 Java, C++, Python, and other related languages. Practical experience in developing, training, deploying, evaluating AI models in real-world applicati
ons and knowledge of deep learning frameworks. Understanding and hands-on experience in (multimodal) large language models, natural language processin
g, computer vision, image processing, and generative AI techniques Proven track record of verbal and written communication skills.  Preferred Requirem
ents  Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art machine learning technologies like LLMs and MLLMs. Highly driven leader that is known to deliver in high g
rowth and highly dynamic environments. Be an advocate for creative technical trends. Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving cha
llenges, ensuring follow through. Extraordinarily resourceful & rigorous, and can operate successfully among forward-thinking and charismatic people. 
Equally comfortable and capable interacting with technologists as with business executives.  Why Cisco? WeAreCisco. We are all unique, but collectivel
y we bring our talents to work as a team, to develop innovative technology and power a more inclusive, digital future for everyone. How do we do it? W
ell, for starters – with people like you! Nearly every internet connection around the world touches Cisco. We’re the Internet’s optimists. Our technol
ogy makes sure the data travelling at light speed across connections does so securely, yet it’s not what we make but what we make happen which marks u
s out. We’re helping those who work in the health service to connect with patients and each other; schools, colleges and universities to teach in even
 the most challenging of times. We’re helping businesses of all shapes and size to connect with their employees and customers in new ways, providing p
eople with access to the digital skills they need and connecting the most remote parts of the world – whether through 5G, or otherwise. We tackle what
ever challenges come our way. We have each other’s backs, we recognize our accomplishments, and we grow together. We celebrate and support one another
 – from big and small things in life to big career moments. And giving back is in our DNA (we get 10 days off each year to do just that). We know that
 powering an inclusive future starts with us. Because without diversity and a dedication to equality, there is no moving forward. Our 30 Inclusive Com
munities, that bring people together around commonalities or passions, are leading the way. Together we’re committed to learning, listening, caring fo
r our communities, whilst supporting the most vulnerable with a collective effort to make this world a better place either with technology, or through
 our actions. So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Pass
ion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco li-ha1 LI-Remote When available, the salary range posted for this position reflect
s the projected hiring range for new hire, full-time salaries in U.S. and/or Canada locations, not including equity or benefits. For non-sales roles t
he hiring ranges reflect base salary only; employees are also eligible to receive annual bonuses. Hiring ranges for sales positions include base and i
ncentive compensation target. Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location and additional factors, including but not limited to ski
llset, experience, and relevant education, certifications, or training. Applicants may not be eligible for the full salary range based on their U.S. o
r Canada hiring location. The recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process. U.S. employ
ees have access to quality medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, short and long-term disability cove
rage, basic life insurance and numerous wellbeing offerings. Employees receive up to twelve paid holidays per calendar year, which includes one floati
ng holiday, plus a day off for their birthday. Employees accrue up to 20 days of Paid Time Off (PTO) each year and have access to paid time away to de
al with critical or emergency issues without tapping into their PTO. We offer additional paid time to volunteer and give back to the community. Employ
ees are also able to purchase company stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Program. Employees on sales plans earn performance-based incentive pay
 on top of their base salary, which is split between quota and non-quota components. For quota-based incentive pay, Cisco typically pays as follows: .
75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota; 1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%; 
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1
% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation. For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, 
Cisco may pay up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.Bewer
benJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingPays Suisse Lieu Switzerland Lieu de travail GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Société employeur TotalEnergies G
as & Power Ltd Domaine Stratégie Economie Business Type de contrat CDI Expérience Minimum 3 ans Profil du candidat  You are university educated to at 
least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a position with a highly quantitative component, ideal
ly gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and have acquired a relevant experience in the fi
eld by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in com
mon libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency in machine learning and linear optimization t
echniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with data architectures Experience with Cloud environm
ents, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and well organised as well as ability to work in a 
fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – kn
owledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with transactions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe tha
t our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to respect
ing diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard for race, color, gender, religion, n
ational origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other protected grou
p status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations upon request. Activités What you will do:  Th
e Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in
 terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with complex issues requiring a quantitative approach
 (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is formed of market fundamentals experts, data scientis
ts, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contributes interpretation, advisory and support to all 
TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP trading performance and work with trading desk
s and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in order to help traders take positions on the mark
ets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis of complex and unique problems as well as creati
ve and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading desks but you will get exposure and will help on
 subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emissions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute t
o our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimization, machine learning). Develop analytics and im
pactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pipelines feeding into the models. Contribute to 
the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable automation and process optimization. Work with Power
 trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure complex and unique problems where advanced ana
lytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modelling to choose the right tool and right level of c
omplexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive investigation to conceive new methods, procedures, 
and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order
 to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Company by driving the right trading decisions. R
eply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and management. Supply guidelines and support to the te
ams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to meet the energy needs of a growing population 
and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires excellence in risk management and a culture of in
novation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that promotes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agili
ty and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collaborative success. Reinforcing the competencies of 
our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledge to encourage safety in all our actions. We lo
ok for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly 
workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the diversity of our people and their skills create
 a nourishing experience for all of us. Contexte et environnement TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low 
carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external factors that req
uire constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of prices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupl
ed with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, developments of new energy sources, etc). In 
such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by
 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electricity trading. Trading entities are based in
 Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, which now brings together very large teams a
round trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the tradi
ng arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influenced by internal and external
 factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for optimising the purchase & sales portfolios 
of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance with the Company trading guidelines. In such 
context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.Be
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Watches Supply Chain Planning ManagerG. et F. Châtelain, succursale de Chanel SARLBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fest
anstellungArbeitsort:GENEVE CORPWatches Supply Chain Planning Manager  Au sein de la Direction des Opérations de la division Horlogerie Joaillerie, ra
ttaché(e) à la direction Supply Chain, vous êtes en charge de la planification des montres. Dans un contexte de développement des Opérations, vous jou
ez un rôle essentiel en pilotant les prévisions de ventes, les objectifs de stock et la fiabilisation des plans de production. Vous prenez part à un p
rojet de transformation des opérations visant l’excellence opérationnelle.     Vous encadrez une équipe dynamique et motivée par les challenges de 4 p
ersonnes, en charge du demand planning, de la distribution et des plans de production,  ainsi que des projets d’amélioration pour l’Horlogerie, la Hau
te Horlogerie et les pièces détachées.     Vos rôles et missions sont les suivants :   Avec le Demand Planning, vous développez la construction scénar
isée des ambitions de ventes à moyen long terme et animez la communauté des régions :   En collaboration avec le marketing horlogerie vous définissez 
la construction des prévisions de ventes moyen et long terme prenant en compte les plans de nouveautés. Vous traduisez les ambitions long terme auprès
 du marketing pour les accompagner dans la construction et l’évolution de l’offre. Avec le demand planner, vous développez le pilotage de la fcst accu
racy division et marchés, tout en définissant les bons niveaux de partage, analyse et challenge et en contribuant à enrichir les échanges avec les rég
ions. Vous animez le pilotage de performance des assortiments afin de proposer des guidelines par réseau de distribution.  Vous êtes responsable du ni
veau et de la qualité du stock mondial :  Avec les planificateurs, vous êtes garants du dimensionnement end-to-end et de la qualité des stocks : depui
s les boutiques jusqu’aux buffers manufacture. Vous mettez en place les outils et les instances de pilotage de la performance des stocks : FullFilment
, Rebalancing, Evolution… Vous définissez les paramètres et les règles de distribution, notamment pour les éditions limitées et le réseau wholesale. V
ous optimisez les niveaux de stock des références en rupture ou surstock et votre communication est un atout reconnu dans de telles situations  Vous ê
tes en charge de coordonner l’expression du besoin de production des produits finis d’Horlogerie, de Haute Horlogerie et de pièces détachées :    Vous
 êtes garant des paramètres de calcul du besoin de production, et vous communiquez une vision moyen terme et long terme scénarisée à la manufacture in
terne. Vous contribuez aux revues mensuelles PDP avec la manufacture et vous partagez les arbitrages à prendre aux directions supply Afin de communiqu
er des prévisions de livraisons fiables aux marchés, vous pilotez les plans de livraison avec la manufacture et mesurez l’évolution du taux de service
. En vous appuyant sur votre maîtrise des flux Supply Chain, vous identifiez et mettez en place collaborativement avec la manufacture les évolutions :
 réduction des lead time, fiabilisation des prévisions de besoins, flexibilité…   Vous participez aux échanges avec l’équipe Machine Learning pour éme
ttre un besoin métier clair sur les différents sujets de planification, pouvant être adressé par l’équipe Data Science et vous contribuez aux analyses
 des propositions d’évolutions des algorithmes.   Vous êtes responsable de la planification de la Haute Horlogerie :   En collaboration avec le High E
nd Business Development vous traduisez les ambitions de ventes et d’assortiment en plan de besoin long terme Vous partagez les besoins avec la manufac
ture et vous mettez en place les instances de planification collaborative selon les priorités Vous participez à la séance charge capacité pour les mou
vements manufacture afin d'arbitrer et d'optimiser les livraisons des produits finis Vous prenez les décisions d’arbitrage et vous partagez la visibil
ité des livraisons Afin d’augmenter le taux de service, vous identifiez les plans d’action avec chaque équipe.  En collaboration avec les équipes dédi
ées à Watches & Wonders, vous coordonnez la mise à disposition des Nouveautés pour le salon.   Vous accompagnez et vous encadrez les model builders An
aplan de votre équipe pour les différents projets Supply Chain permettant une meilleure efficacité opérationnelle notamment le projet de planification
 des pièces détachées.   Vous animez mensuellement les comités opérations Horlogerie et Haute Horlogerie pour partager les évolutions de performance d
e ventes, d’assortiment, les enjeux autour des nouveaux lancements, et les projections ventes, stock et production moyen terme.  Vous êtes en relation
 étroite avec les équipes Marketing, Supply Chain Joaillerie, les régions, et les équipes de la manufacture (planification, développement, administrat
ion des ventes…) BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist – Power Markets modellingTOTSA TotalEnergies Trading SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:20 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:GENEVEData Scientist – Power Markets modellingPaís Suíça Localização Switzerland Local de trabalho GENEVE-WTC1(CHE) Empresa empregadora Total
Energies Gas & Power Ltd Domínio Estratégia Economia Negócio Tipo de contrato Contrato Duração Indeterminada (CDI) Experiência Mínimo 3 anos Perfil do
 Candidato  You are university educated to at least master’s degree in a mathematical subject. You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in a positi
on with a highly quantitative component, ideally gained while working on a trading floor You have a good knowledge of European electricity markets and
 have acquired a relevant experience in the field by working with power data and at modelling and forecasting power dynamics and prices Strong coding 
skills in Python (OOP) with proficiency in common libraries for data science Good knowledge of database technologies (PostgreSQL, MongoDB) Proficiency
 in machine learning and linear optimization techniques Ability to write transferrable code that adheres to best practices Experience working with dat
a architectures Experience with Cloud environments, AWS in particular The position requires autonomy, objectivity, innovation, to be resourceful and w
ell organised as well as ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment You should be able to explain complex issues and present them in
 a clear and neat mannerFluent in English – knowledge of French is an advantage Additional and advantageous requirements: xperience working with trans
actions data  At TotalEnergies, we believe that our employees’ fulfilment has its roots in the wealth of the experiences they are offered. We are an e
qual opportunity employer committed to respecting diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Applicants will receive consideration for employment witho
ut regard for race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, military status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, g
enetic information or any other protected group status. Candidates with disabilities are encouraged to apply. We will provide necessary accommodations
 upon request. Atividades What you will do:  The Quantitative and Trading Analysis (Q&TA) team aims at providing a better understanding of the markets
 traded by TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) in terms of prices and fundamentals, finding ways to model and forecast their dynamics and dealing with c
omplex issues requiring a quantitative approach (pricing, hedging and simulations of complex products, transactions or assets). The Q&TA team is forme
d of market fundamentals experts, data scientists, meterologists and quantitative researchers. In a context of great autonomy, the Q&TA team contribut
es interpretation, advisory and support to all TGP trading desks and to senior management - including COMEX members. You will influence the global TGP
 trading performance and work with trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data in o
rder to help traders take positions on the markets and more broadly the Company to catch new business opportunities. This requires in-depth analysis o
f complex and unique problems as well as creative and strategic thinking.  In this position, you will work primarily with the European Power trading d
esks but you will get exposure and will help on subjects related to all the commodities traded by TGP (including worldwide gas, LNG, electricity, emis
sions, dry products). Activities:  Contribute to our in-house suite of short and mid-term power price forecasting models (fundamental/stack optimizati
on, machine learning). Develop analytics and impactful visualization around these models to drive trading idea generation. Mine data and build data pi
pelines feeding into the models. Contribute to the development and maintenance of statistical and quantitative models, Develop scripts to enable autom
ation and process optimization. Work with Power trading desks and other stakeholders throughout the organization to identify, prioritise and structure
 complex and unique problems where advanced analytics projects or tools can have the biggest impact. Lead projects with hands-on analysis and modellin
g to choose the right tool and right level of complexity to reach business objectives. Ensure technology and methodology watch. Conduct extensive inve
stigation to conceive new methods, procedures, and policies. Collaborate with IT and data engineering teams to productionize models  Accountabilities:
  Enhance TGP ability to leverage data in order to model and optimise power assets/portfolios/strategies and help generate additional value for the Co
mpany by driving the right trading decisions. Reply promptly and reactively to business needs and requests from traders (predominantly power) and mana
gement. Supply guidelines and support to the teams on any topics involving analysis and modelling of large data sets.  Our Culture We are committed to
 meet the energy needs of a growing population and we are committed to the energy transition. The volatility of the energy trading markets requires ex
cellence in risk management and a culture of innovation. We are fully embracing the digital revolution. Our people flourish in an environment that pro
motes expertise, entrepreneurship spirit, agility and a purpose-driven culture, generating boundless opportunities to learn, grow and achieve collabor
ative success. Reinforcing the competencies of our people is a key pillar of our culture: we train our people to ensure their development and we pledg
e to encourage safety in all our actions. We look for passion, ambition and open-mindedness. While we evolve in a demanding industry that requests to 
be always on the edge, we cultivate a friendly workplace where our people feel good, where team spirit and respect guide our daily routine, where the 
diversity of our people and their skills create a nourishing experience for all of us. Context & Environment TotalEnergies Gas and Power is the tradin
g arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies (mainly gas, LNG and power). As such it operates in fast-evolving market dynamics influence
d by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. Uncertainties specific to the trading environment (volatility of pr
ices, supply & demand mismatches) are coupled with those coming from the broader energy sector (climate change policies, changes in the energy mix, de
velopments of new energy sources, etc). In such context Trading helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to 
reach the objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050. About US TotalEnergies has developed a strong expertise in oil and biofuels, natural gas and electri
city trading. Trading entities are based in Geneva, Paris, Houston and Singapore. TotalEnergies installed its European trading hub across in Geneva, w
hich now brings together very large teams around trading activities: TotalEnergies Trading & Shipping (T&S) and TotalEnergies Gas and Power (TGP). Tot
alEnergies Gas and Power (TGP) is the trading arm of TotalEnergies in the field of low carbon energies. As such, it operates in fast-evolving market d
ynamics influenced by internal and external factors that require constant adaptation and evolution. The Trading division in Geneva is responsible for 
optimising the purchase & sales portfolios of gas, electricity, CO2 emissions, dry bulk, and LNG in all recognised markets worldwide, in compliance wi
th the Company trading guidelines. In such context, TGP helps to ensure growth and profitability to a key segment of the business in order to reach th
e objective of Carbon Neutrality by 2050.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Azure Cloud MLOps Engineer (w/m/d) die MobiliarBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstellung, Temp
orärSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:BernIn dieser Funktion bist du in der nach SAFe aufgestellten agilen Organisatio
n Teil eines interdisziplinären Scrum Teams und kannst unsere Systemlandschaft mittels neuester Technologien mitgestalten und vorantreiben. Das bewirk
st du bei unsDu bist verantwortlich für die Entwicklung und den Betrieb (DevOps) unserer Data Science Stacks sowie für die Gestaltung unserer MLOps Pr
ozesse in der Azure Cloud. Dabei hilfst du mit bei der Bereitstellung der Data Science Entwicklungsumgebung, basierend auf Azure Machine Learning (ML)
 und den Deployments von Python ML-Modellen auf Azure Kubernetes oder Azure Databricks. Gemeinsam ermöglichen wir als Team den Einsatz von State-of-th
e-Art AI/ML-Themen wie Large Language Models und AI-as-a-Service im strategisch wichtigen Outcome der Datenwertschöpfung. Mit deiner gewinnenden und k
undenorientierten Persönlichkeit unterstützt du Die Mobiliar bei der Modernisierung der IT-Landschaft und der Transformation in die Cloud. Das bringst
 du mit  Abgeschlossene Aus- und Weiterbildung in Informatik oder vergleichbar Interesse, deine Erfahrungen mit ML zu erweitern mit Azure Services wie
 z.B. Azure ML, Azure OpenAI, Azure AI Services, Databricks und Kubernetes Erfahrungen mit DevOps im CI/CD-Umfeld, Automatisierung und Testing Kenntni
sse in Python und Terraform Umsetzungsstarke und kommunikative Teamplayer-Persönlichkeit Fliessende Deutschkenntnisse, gute Englischkenntnisse Bei uns
 arbeiten Auf dich freut sich das agile Team «Aare», bestehend aus Developern, Product Owner und Scrum Master. Zusammen leben wir eine kommunikative, 
aufgeschlossene und motivierende Arbeitsatmosphäre, in der auch der persönliche Austausch nicht zu kurz kommt.   Flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle und Home 
Office sind bei uns selbstverständlich. Zu deinen mind. 25 Ferientagen, ermöglichen wir dir den Kauf von bis zu vier zusätzlichen Ferienwochen. Du erh
ältst von uns ein kostenloses Abonnement für dein Smartphone, ein Halbtax sowie bis zu 25% Rabatt auf unsere Versicherungs- und Vorsorgeprodukte. Prof
itiere zudem von einem grossen internen Ausbildungsangebot und Vergünstigungen an vielfältigen Events. Bewirb dich rasch und unkompliziert, auch ohne 
Motivationsschreiben. Wir freuen uns auf dich! Bei Fragen melde dich gerne bei deinem Peoplemanager Thomas (E-Mail schreiben). Wir besetzen diese Stel
le ohne Unterstützung von externen Personaldienstleistern.   die MobiliarLionel Renaud0041 22 363 98 63  KontaktSchweizerische Mobiliar Versicherungsg
esellschaft AG(14)78 Jobshttps://jobs.mobiliar.ch/Jobs/All?DesignID=00&lang=gerBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscoveryErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitso
rt:8005 ZurichConsultant - Forensic Technology and eDiscoveryAt EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global sca
le, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY be
come even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.     The Forensic Technology & eDi
scovery team is a group of technical specialists that leverages data and technology to investigate high-profile financial crime matters related to fra
ud, corruption, money-laundering, misconducts and support the enforcement of regulatory requirements. The nature of our work requires the collection, 
processing and management of large sets of communications, documents and records from a wide array of information systems. We combine deep investigati
on expertise with Forensic and eDiscovery technology to accelerate the fact-finding process.    The opportunity   The rapidly growing Forensic departm
ent is currently seeking the right candidates for an excellent career opportunity in the Forensic Technology and eDiscovery team.  You will be respons
ible for providing critical support to our teams of investigators, clients, legal counsels and regulators in fact-finding activities. Our methodology 
incorporates advanced data analysis technologies such as natural language processing, machine learning, predictive coding, social network analysis and
 automation. You will receive training on our forensic technologies and the opportunity to contribute to innovation. You will have a unique, career ch
anging opportunity to play a key role in the growth and strategy of the team.     Your key responsibilities   Working in engagement teams, carrying ou
t both reactive and proactive data analysis of large volumes of unstructured and structured data. Collaborating with clients, fraud investigators, int
ernal and external auditors, lawyers and regulatory authorities in sensitive and sometimes adversarial situations. Working in our dedicated Forensic T
echnology & eDiscovery lab and secure platform to help clients secure and uncover facts with the use of technology. Innovating and developing new solu
tions to answer current and future needs of our clients. Supporting the leadership team and the project manager on the operational level and acting as
 a role model and coach for more junior team members.     Skills and attributes for success  To qualify for the role you must have    Degree (Bachelor
 or Master) in all fields related to Computer Science, Engineering and other technical majors Strong problem solving, analytical, technical, and inter
personal skills Consulting-oriented mindset, flexibility and “can-do” approach Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English (German or
 French) is a plus).     Ideally, you’ll also have   Experience with Relativity, Nuix, and other state-of-the-art Forensic Technology & eDiscovery too
ls. Solid programming skills with Python, R, SQL or other main programming languages Solid knowledge of IT Infrastructure and Security topics     What
 we offer   Internationalmulti-culturalteam of highly motivated professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of 
trainings, mentoring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility Transparent p
erformance-based recognition and progression system Acquire a fully accredited corporate MBA (EY Tech MBA) from Hult International Business School, wh
ilst working with EY, completely free*     * exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.      If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria a
bove, please contact us as soon as possible. Make the next step and apply for this position (ID: 814785) online. For further information please contac
t our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 286 33 66).      The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.      EY | Buildin
g a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build tru
st in the capital markets.    Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients 
grow, transform and operate.   Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new an
swers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DOF_Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in computational biologyUniversité de LausanneBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneDOF_Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in computational biology Introduction    UNIL is a leading international teaching a
nd research institution, with over 5,000 employees and 17,000 students split between its Dorigny campus, CHUV and Epalinges. As an employer, UNIL enco
urages excellence, individual recognition and responsibility. Presentation    The Faculty of Biology and Medicine (FBM) of the University of Lausanne 
is inviting applications for position of: Tenure-Track Assistant Professor to the rank of Associate Professor in computational biology within the Depa
rtment of oncology UNIL-CHUV The CHUV and UNIL are seeking to recruit a scientist with outstanding expertise in computational immuno-oncology. The sel
ected candidate will lead an independent research group in the Department of Oncology and may have an affiliation with the Lausanne Branch of the Ludw
ig Institute for Cancer Research at UNIL/CHUV. The mission of the future Assistant Professor will be to develop a highly competitive research program 
in the area of methods and tools development in computational biology, bioinformatics and machine learning for applications in immunotherapy, cancer i
mmunology and tumor microenvironment research. These advances will enable the next level of understanding of immune cell and tumor microenvironment re
gulation and inferring complex immunological behaviors. The ultimate outcome of this research will be to enable developing more effective immunotherap
y and T cell engineering approaches to treat cancer patients. The position involves research and teaching. Job information     Starting date: to be ag
reed Place: Lausanne, Switzerland Your responsibilities    As a major part, the selected candidate will run and supervise a research group with activi
ties focused on computational immunooncology. In this capacity, the candidate will have the opportunity to collaborate with several experimental and t
herapeutic groups within the Ludwig Branch in Lausanne, the extremely rich scientific community in Lausanne, and members of the international network 
of branches and centers of the Ludwig Institute. The selected candidate will also develop pre- and post-graduate teaching activities on computational 
biology, genomics and immuno-informatics. A candidate capable of advancing statistical and computational modeling of genomics data, multi-omics data i
ntegration, and translating models, methods, and findings into clinical applications is strongly preferred. The candidate is expected to act as a brid
ge between high-throughput experimental technologies (e.g., single-cell omics and spatial technologies), computational methods development, and resear
chers and clinicians at UNIL-CHUV, with the ultimate goal to use the power of the immune system to fight cancer. The job description is available on t
his link. Your qualifications Ph.D. degree in bioinformatics, computational biology, or related disciplines, with training in immunology. Outstanding 
research track record in the development and application of computational methods for omics data analysis. Demonstrated ability to conduct independent
, internationally competitive research. Proven ability to establish collaborations with biomedical researchers and clinicians in immunotherapy, cancer
 immunology and tumor microenvironment research. Proven ability to lead a research group in an interdisciplinary translational biomedical research env
ironment. Experience in obtaining competitive research grants. Proficiency in French (level at least B2, C1 ideally) or ability to acquire it quickly.
 UNIL is committed to promoting gender equality and diversity and strongly encourages applications from female candidates    www.unil.ch/egalite  . Wh
at the position offers you    We offer a nice working place in a multicultural, diverse and dynamic academic environment. Opportunities for profession
al training, a lot of activities and other benefits to discover. Contact for further information    Pr Tatiana Petrova (tatiana.petrova@unil.ch) Direc
tor of the DOF and Pr George Coukos (george.coukos@chuv.ch), Director of the DO. Your application    Applications, in English, should include 1) a mot
ivation letter, 2) a curriculum vitae, 3) a list of publications highlighting the five most significant ones, 4) a brief statement of the past and fut
ure research, 5) a summary of previous teaching experience, 6) your vision of the field's development in the mid/long term, 7) names and contact infor
mation of at least three references, 8) a copy of diplomas and a valid ID card. Full applications should be submitted online as a single PDF file by M
ay 15th 2024  (23:59 GMT+1). Only applications sent through this site will be considered. Additional information     UNIL is committed to equal opport
unities and diversity. www.unil.ch/egalite UNIL supports early career researchers.   www.unil.ch/graduatecampus KontaktUniversité de Lausanne(0)67 Job
shttps://www.unil.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Doctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler to highly automated train operationETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffe
ntlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDoctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler
 to highly automated train operationDoctoral researcher in Dynamic stochastic learning of train dynamics as enabler to highly automated train operatio
n 100%, Zurich, fixed-term This project aims at developing a parsimonious and accurate dynamic model of train motion, with values calibrated from real
 life measurement of different sensor types; explicitly considering uncertainty and probability distributions of parameters; and embedding expert know
ledge at multiple levels, both as input of the model specification, and as output of the model estimation. Project background Despite the excellent qu
ality of public transport systems in Switzerland, the railway system needs to increase its performance (quality, for instance, travel time) and capaci
ty (amount of services run) and attract more travellers to match the ambitious targets from policy and environmental goals. One key aspect of traditio
nal railway transport systems is the complexity of aspects governing their motion. Safety and performance consideration limit what one can assume vehi
cles can do. The precise determination of the motion of a vehicle is very relevant to determine an effective timetable, energy efficient speed traject
ories, and to integrate higher automation in the management of both vehicles and networks, also integrating human aspects from the driver and safety p
rocedures (see for instance for a recent review of the subject: A. Cunillera, N. Bešinović, R. M. Lentink, N. van Oort and R. M. P. Goverde, "A Litera
ture Review on Train Motion Model Calibration," in IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 3660-3677, doi: 10.110
9/TITS.2023.3236062). The project focuses on learning a motion model of train operations at the level of vehicles and parameters from detailed data co
llected on real vehicles, based on a collaboration with industrial partners. Job description We expect the following tasks to be performed:  Analyse u
nderstand and categorize data available Determine multiple approaches for calibrations of train motion models based on different model specifications 
and data available. We expect such model to be embracing the uncertainty and variability described in the data by means of uncertainty aware calibrati
on and Bayesian estimation Include how experts currently operate and acquire feelings for the machine they are driving, also based on a hybrid machine
 learning approach, integrating rule-based systems with data-driven models  The ultimate objective is to be both precise /accurate, parsimonious, and 
useful for decision making. Moreover there is a lot of expert knowledge to be considered at multiple levels, both as input of the model specification,
 and as output of the model estimation. The process, data and output should determine standards and specification for both human driver and automated 
train operations, and trajectory planning for any downstream optimization of the schedule, for both passenger trains, and especially for freight train
s (which have very variable composition, weight, length). Your profile Ideally, you have (or are about to receive) a Masters’ degree in transport scie
nces, quantitative finance, data science, econometrics, management/ decision sciences mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics or related fi
elds. Your research track is consistent and shows a track record, or clear potential, for modelling, control, and optimisation of transport systems. Y
ou are highly motivated and self-driven, with a clear research vision, academic ambition, and excellent communication and writing skills (fluent spoke
n and written English is mandatory). Moreover, the following skills are expected of a promising candidate:  Ability to program independently complex s
oftware Background or exposure to data science / machine learning / AI approaches and software tools Knowledge of statistical modelling of processes a
nd/or control sciences Team working and communication skills Knowledge of German or similar languages is not required but is a plus  You enjoy working
 in an interactive international environment with doctoral students, post-docs and senior scientists, referring continuously to practical problems and
 solutions. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. You can look forward to
 an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to rec
eiving your online application by 15.05.2024 including the following documents:  a motivation letter describing how the experience and motivation fit 
the profile sketched in this position a CV with a list of publications diploma copy 1 reference letter or reference contact  The selection will be bas
ed on a multi-step application process. Furthermore, we aim to maintain and expand our diversity and thus, we encourage people from underrepresented g
roups to apply. After a first selection, potential candidates will be contacted for a final selection, which will be based on the candidates’ qualific
ations as well as on a personal interview with the supervisors. This position will be available, with an ideal starting date between July 2024 and Dec
ember 2024, or further upon agreement; the planned duration of the initial contract is 18 months, after which an aptitude colloquium will determine th
e further continuation of the project. The total doctoral project is expected to be finished in 4 years in total. The project is to be performed in cl
ose collaboration with academic partner (Prof A. Rupenyan, ZHAW) and industrial partners (major railway operator in Switzerland). The position is with
in, and profits from networking and competeneces from, the large academic network of the NCCR Automation project. Please note that we exclusively acce
pt applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further informa
tion about the institute and the group please our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Francesco Corman by email 
E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application by 15.05.2024 including 
the following documents:  a motivation letter describing how the experience and motivation fit the profile sketched in this position a CV with a list 
of publications diploma copy 1 reference letter or reference contact  The selection will be based on a multi-step application process. Furthermore, we
 aim to maintain and expand our diversity and thus, we encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. After a first selection, potential cand
idates will be contacted for a final selection, which will be based on the candidates’ qualifications as well as on a personal interview with the supe
rvisors. This position will be available, with an ideal starting date between July 2024 and December 2024, or further upon agreement; the planned dura
tion of the initial contract is 18 months, after which an aptitude colloquium will determine the further continuation of the project. The total doctor
al project is expected to be finished in 4 years in total. The project is to be performed in close collaboration with academic partner (Prof A. Rupeny
an, ZHAW) and industrial partners (major railway operator in Switzerland). The position is within, and profits from networking and competeneces from, 
the large academic network of the NCCR Automation project. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online applicatio
n portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further information about the institute and the group please our websi
te. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Dr. Francesco Corman by email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)
94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Quality Assurance EngineerExeon Analytics AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(
Senior) Quality Assurance Engineer 80- 100% | immediately | remote in Switzerland About  Exeon:   Founded in 2016, Exeon is a Swiss-based cyber tech c
ompany on a mission to use cutting-edge technology to protect sensitive data and corporate networks. ExeonTrace, our ML-powered Network Detection & Re
sponse (NDR) platform, enables companies to monitor corporate networks, immediately detect cyber threats, and effectively safeguard their IT and OT ne
tworks – quickly, reliably, and completely hardware-free. The self-learning algorithms for detecting anomalies in network activity were developed at E
TH Zurich and are based on more than ten years of academic research. Exeon was recognized with various international awards across Europe. Our interdi
sciplinary team consists of data scientists, machine learning experts, white hat hackers, network security specialists and business professionals. We 
are committed to becoming a leading NDR provider and have already gained the trust of renowned companies across Europe. What your impact will be like:
   As a QA Engineer at Exeon, you will be a core member of our Development Team thus closely collaborate with our QA, our backend and frontend develop
ers and professional service engineers. You will improve the quality of our cutting-edge software, ExeonTrace by designing, implementing, and executin
g tests, identifying, and documenting defects, and cooperate with our developers to resolve issues.  In particular, you will:   Provide timely and mea
ningful feedback by reviewing requirements, specifications, and technical design documents.  Create detailed, well-structured, and comprehensive test 
plans and test cases.  Coordinate, prioritize, and plan testing activities including estimation.  Conduct regression testing thoroughly after resolvin
g bugs.  Develop and apply testing processes to meet client needs.  Work closely with our developers to identify system requirements while tracking th
e quality assurance metrics such as open defect counts and defect densities.  In the medium or long term, implement automated tests using open-source 
tooling. What you can expect from us:  Exeon offers an open company culture that values and encourages diversity, teamwork and a growth mindset. Our g
oal is to provide our employees with an exciting, supportive and motivating environment for personal growth and career development while ensuring that
 our team maintains a healthy work-life balance. We strive to achieve this by offering:   Manifold opportunities to shape your professional profile an
d grow according to your personal goals in an innovative start-up environment.  Working in close collaboration with our interdisciplinary team and lea
rning from our Security Experts, Data Scientists, and Business Professionals Taking over responsibilities quickly and help shape and promote a cutting
-edge security software.  A high degree of trust, flexibility and independence  An exciting and impactful job in a fast-growing Swiss cyber tech compa
ny expanding across Europe.  Many freedoms in terms of working hours and place of work (remote or in the office)  A young, diverse and dynamic team of
 tech and business professionals  A competitive salary and appealing benefits package  Lots of fun, exciting interactions and new challenges What make
s a good person-job-fit:  We are looking for a proactive, self-motivated and enthusiastic individual who’s comfortable in a high-paced start-up enviro
nment. In addition, we are looking for certain requirements and skills to establish a good person-job-fit:  Must haves:   A thorough understanding of 
Agile methodology, QA, and Defect Lifecycle   Open, reliable, and collaborative professional who enjoys working in teams and can take ownership over i
ndividual projects.  Strong knowledge of testing practices, including the ability to efficiently specify, develop, and support test cases and test pla
ns.  Familiarity with Selenium test automation involving Python (behave)  Experience with BrowserStack, for cross-browser testing, Insomnia for API te
sting, or other similar manual testing tooling.  An initiative, solution-oriented, innovative professional, who is passionate about ensuring quality. 
  Experience with LaTeX and willingness to create documentation with it.   Familiarity with Linux and Docker.   Fluent English. Nice to haves:   Exper
ience with cybersecurity or even network security products.  A professional who has a master’s degree in computer science/electrical engineering/cyber
 security (or similar) and ideally at least three years of practical experience. KontaktExeon Analytics AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.exeon.comBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Software developer C++ for video applications (m/f/d)KARL STORZ Endoskop Produktions GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SchaffhausenSoftware developer C++ for video applications (m/f/d)Software developer C++ for video applications (m/f/d) 
Schaffhausen, TG, CH, 8200 Tuttlingen, BW, DE, 78532 Your Mission  You will design and implement application software and middleware in C++17 (and new
er) as well as video processing software using GStreamer, V4L, OpenGL, OpenCL, CUDA, etc. You also design and implement graphical user interfaces usin
g Qt6/QML You will be responsible for the standards-compliant documentation of the development process Ensuring functional security as well as cyber s
ecurity aspects Supporting the creation of the risk analysis rounds off your area of responsibility  Your Talents  Degree with focus on software devel
opment or comparable knowledge or work experience At least 2 years of professional experience in software development using C++11 (or newer) preferred
 Experience with Boost, STL and Qt Experience is a plus: in GPU programming; in AI, Machine Learning & Deep Neural Networks; with Yocto build system. 
Very good communication skills in English and German, fast comprehension, high degree of independence, systematic work style, great commitment as well
 as enjoyment of international teamwork  Your Benefits  Flexible working hours & mobile working: In many areas, working hours and location can be arra
nged as required 30 vacation days and various special payments Further training opportunities: Open in-house seminar program, extensive e-learning off
ering, professional development courses and much more Corporate benefits and bicycle leasing Subsidy for private pension plan and company health manag
ement Various childcare options – at the headquarters in Tuttlingen Health, sports, cultural and leisure activities – offers vary depending on locatio
n BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich Senior Manager - Financial Services Consulting Actuaria
l in Zurich     The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providing high-v
alue and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, our Actuar
ial Consulting teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 400 actua
rial professionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry across banki
ng, insurance, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients’ issues. Allowing you to devel
op a wide breadth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature of Consul
ting promises a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues. You wil
l work on client assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analyses and mo
delling techniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and support to our
 clients. Assignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and diverse aspec
ts of the actuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling (e.g. SS
T). You will also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist senior manag
ement at our clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland and abroad.
 You will be responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the delivery o
f project streams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shaping ideas,
 designing solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presenting recomme
ndations to our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accelerators, 
and enablers for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-market and 
business development initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least 7 years 
of relevant work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in: Softwar
e asset development Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a strong d
esire to structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major plus. Ex
cellent infrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Mathematics
, Economics or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a dynamic co
nsulting environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong written and o
ral communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions. Strong s
takeholder management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motivated and d
iverse teams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a project stre
am. Knowledge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services Industry.
   What we look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challenge us, to 
act on your own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work in a div
erse and inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals and continu
ously develop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    Furthermo
re, we offer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the possibility
 to earn an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hult Interna
tional Business School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udemy) and jo
in EY-specific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our employee
s.  Work-life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for one of our
 generous pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially designed 
for parents at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you will have 
the chance to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility: at EY, y
ou will have the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different social initiat
ives within Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity: ​EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving sustainab
le change for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, experiences a
nd needs, which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles,building more inclusive environments and enabling access t
o resources and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guidelines en
sure the equal treatment we aim for. **   Have we sparked your interest?We look forward to receiving your complete application with the following mand
atory documents:  CV (max. 2 pages),  cover letter,  university certificates and transcript of grades  Any other document / job confirmation that you 
deem relevant for your candidature is welcome.   For more information, please contact our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / +41 58 28
6 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It’s Yours To Build.  * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.  ** Depending on the rank  EY | Bui
lding a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build
 trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients
 grow, transform, and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax, and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new a
nswers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead, Strategic Integration, Artificial IntelligenceFORUM MONDIAL DE L'ECONOMIEBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festan
stellungArbeitsort:GenfLead, Strategic Integration, Artificial Intelligence  About the World Economic Forum    The World Economic Forum, committed to 
improving the state of the world, is the international organization for public-private cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business
 and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas.    About the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR)    This 
position is part of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR). The Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR) helps leaders antic
ipate exponential technologies and drive responsible sectoral and industry transformation. The C4IR brings together leaders from business, government,
 international organizations, academia and civil society to shape the global agenda on technology governance and technology applications for industrie
s and society.    About the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution Network (C4IR Network)    The Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution Netw
ork accelerates the responsible adoption of technology and transformation of industry at the national, subnational and global levels via policy-making
, pilots and partnerships. In just six years, the Network has grown to 19 centres across five continents, with measurable impact at local and global l
evels.    Why we are Recruiting    In recent decades, the utilization of technology in national development has surged remarkably. From the era of ind
ustrialization and mechanization to the era of wireless connectivity and the proliferation of mobile devices, technological advancements have facilita
ted the leapfrogging of inequities and paved the way for economic growth and development.   As Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other cutting-edge tec
hnologies continue to fuel the digital economy, their impact and influence on governments, enterprises, institutions, and individuals are increasingly
 evident. AI holds immense potential to significantly accelerate existing strategies while also offering novel solutions to global economies. However,
 the harnessing of AI opportunities has been uneven across regions.   Launched in June 2023, the AI Governance Alliance (AIGA) aims to provide guidanc
e on the responsible design, development, adoption, deployment, and governance of AI. It seeks to address these challenges by delineating the enablers
 of AI adoption and devising sustainable solutions tailored to the diverse challenges encountered by different countries and regions in implementing t
hem, thereby bridging regional and country-level gaps in AI technology.   Recognizing both the significant economic and social potentials of AI, the a
ccompanying risks of cutting-edge technologies, and the need of a regional approach, C4IR collaborates closely with the Network of Affiliate Centres f
or the Fourth Industrial Revolution to address these issues.   The Regional Agenda Lead, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning will play a key 
role in advancing AIGA’s mission and will work closely with the network of independent C4IR Affiliate Centers to promote AI adoption, address specific
 challenges faced by industry and other sectors in different countries and regions for the responsible and inclusive development of AI.   Relevant foc
us areas include:   Identifying best practices across industries to facilitate regions in scaling and deploying AI effectively, including necessary en
ablers such as infrastructure and public-private partnerships.   Recognizing the urgent need of countries of all sizes to establish their own AI ecosy
stems and the importance of adapting existing solutions to suit their specific contexts - unlocking the unique capabilities of AI for countries and re
gions with varying resource levels   Exploring, accelerating and scaling across countries multistakeholder collaborations or pilots which have the pot
ential to accelerate AI adoption, usage, and deployment in a safe and inclusive way      Reporting Lines and Interactions    The Lead, Strategic Integ
ration, Artificial Intelligence will report to the Digital Technologies Portfolio Manager, based in Geneva. Operating within an entrepreneurial and dy
namic environment, the Lead will navigate multiple teams and geographic locations to effectively fulfil the responsibilities of the role.   This role 
entails close collaboration with various stakeholders, including the broader AIGA team located in Geneva, San Francisco, New York, China, and Japan. A
dditionally, there will be interaction with the C4IR Network and Partnerships team, serving as key liaisons for independent national/thematic C4IR cen
tres, as well as direct engagement with staff from these affiliate centres.     Breakdown of main responsibilities    The Regional Agenda Lead, Artifi
cial Intelligence and Machine Learning position is of critical importance for advancing Forum’s work on AI, expanding the C4IR network, and increasing
 the engagement of Affiliate Centres by ensuring their deeper and strategic integration into global  Forum initiatives.   The main responsibilities in
clude:    Strategic integration and thought leadership    Stay abreast of the latest developments in the Fourth Industrial Revolution and related fiel
ds, providing thought leadership within the organization and externally   Lead the workstream on ‘National AI Ecosystems’, focused on advancing the tr
ansformation of driven by AI at a regional and national level. This entails:   Engage industry leaders, governments, and other constituents to co-crea
te guidelines, tools and frameworks to enable transformation and promote and accelerate responsible adoption of AI in countries and regions   Work clo
sely with the C4IRNetwork and Partnerships team, and the Independent Centres to foster collaboration with local and regional stakeholders to shape wor
kstreams which can drive impact and support ongoing regional work around AI in a strategic way     Develop and implement the strategic integration str
ategy with the C4IR affiliate Centres to ensure seamless collaboration with the World Economic Forum on the topic of AI and digital technologies – con
necting them at the global level end enabling them to drive their regional agendas   Incubate and kick off new projects where needed and ensure output
s and ambition levels are aligned with the other Forum’s activities     Collaborate with C4IR Network and Partnerships team to ensure the successful d
elivery of relevant joint AIGA-C4IR independent centres events and other deliverables where network members actively contribute, to strengthen the C4I
R agenda and community, and advance AIGA objectives and deliverables.      Community engagement    Manage and animate multistakeholder communities by 
communicating updates regularly, lead working group meetings, onboarding the relevant stakeholders   Connect regularly with community members to stay 
at the forefront of the applications, impact and implications of digital technologies   Cultivate and maintain strategic partnerships with key C4IR Af
filiate Centres, relevant organizations, governments, and industry leaders to advance the goals of the C4IR      Team and resources    Work with Forum
 partner organizations to onboard new fellows to support with the work, and work closely with project fellows to drive the initiatives forward   Work 
closely with the Forum AI team based in India, China and Japan   Drive cross-functional collaboration within the Forum ecosystem to leverage resources
 and expertise for maximum impact      Preferred Requirements and Experience    Master’s degree preferred in a relevant field such as business, policy
, strategy, technology, etc.   Minimum 7 years of professional experience in public administration, government affairs, management consulting, technol
ogy business, government or international organizations in positions covering topics of AI and frontier technologies partnership, data, innovation, or
 business strategy.   Demonstrated experience in establishing and leading operations across multiple jurisdictions and sectors.   Excellence in writte
n and spoken English. Strong communication and presentation skills, and experience designing, managing and facilitating communities, workshops, and me
etings both virtually and in person. Strong ability to write informative and insightful content.   Demonstrated ability to work across different cultu
res and with high level officials and executives, and in a fast-paced environment.   Proven excellent project management skills; attention to detail; 
capacity to apply critical thinking, synthesize various viewpoints, consult broadly, communicate clearly, turning ideas into tangible action and impac
t, and manage both long- and short-term objectives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.   Excellent ability to manage relationships externally and in
ternally.   Collaborative, agile, and results oriented.          Why work at the Forum:    The Forum believes that progress happens by bringing togeth
er people from all walks of life who have the drive and the influence to improve the state of the world by building awareness and cooperation, shaping
 mindsets and agendas, and driving collective action. Join us and become a driver for positive change! BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data ScientistQIM Info SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenèveData Scientist📣 Qim info, qui
 sommes-nous ? Société d’ingénierie informatique et de services du numérique créée en 2004 et implantée sur Genève, Lausanne, Annecy, Bâle et Zurich, 
Qim info c’est surtout un ensemble de consultant.e.s capables d’intervenir à tous les niveaux d’un Système d’Information. Avec 600 collaborateurs, nou
s sommes toujours à la recherche de nouveaux talents ! Fin 2021, Qim info obtient une note de 4.31/5 au label Happy at Work® qui permet de mesurer le 
bien-être et les facteurs de motivations des collaborateurs. Et se place en 3ème position du classement ICTJournal en 2022. 📌 En quelques mots Nous re
cherchons un Data Scientist pour un client dans le secteur public à Genève. 🎯Votre mission  Le data scientist a pour mission de de collecter les donné
es pertinentes, de les nettoyer et de les préparer pour l’analyse, puis d’appliquer des techniques statistiques et des algorithmes d’apprentissage aut
omatique pour extraire des informations utiles. Le data scientist doit développer des modèles de data science et d’IA en utilisant des techniques tell
es que le Deep Learning, le Computer Vision, le Langage Naturel, le Reinforcement Learning, ou d’autres méthodes d’apprentissage automatique avancées 
selon les besoins spécifiques du projet. Collecte et analyse des données : collecter les données à partir de sources variées (automatiser l’extraction
, l’intégration et la mise à jour des données) et les analyser pour en extraire des informations utiles. Analyse exploratoire des données : Explorer l
es données pour en comprendre la structure, les tendances et les relations, en utilisant des outils statistiques et des visualisations de données OCSI
N Développement des algorithmes et des modèles de data science et d’IA : Concevoir et développer des algorithmes et des modèles de data science et d’I
A et améliorer les résultats. Évaluation des modèles de data science et d’IA: Évaluer la performance des modèles en utilisant des mesures appropriées 
et ajuster les modèles en conséquence pour améliorer leur précision et leur généralisation. Intégration et déploiement des modèles de data science et 
d’IA: Collaborer avec des ingénieurs logiciels pour intégrer les modèles dans des applications ou des systèmes existants. Assurer le déploiement effic
ace et sécurisé des modèles en production. Présenter et partager les résultats: Présenter les résultats de manière claire et compréhensible aux partie
s prenantes.  💼 Votre profil Compétences primordiales (5 années d’expérience et plus) :  Très bonnes connaissances en Python et de Jupyter Très bonnes
 connaissances des bibliothèques PyTorch, TensorFlow, Conda, Scikitlearn Très bonnes connaissances du traitement du langage naturel Très bonnes connai
ssances du Machine Learning et du Deep Learning Très bonnes connaissances de la qualité des données Bonnes connaissances des principes liés à l’organi
sation orientée service (approche ITIL) • Bonnes connaissances de la technologie de gestion des bases de données Formation : Diplôme (Bachelor ou équi
valent) en statistiques, mathématiques, informatique ou domaine similaire  Compétences importantes :  Aider les métiers à définir des objectifs réalis
tes en se basant sur leurs besoins et leurs données. Se montrer autonome dans la réalisation et le déploiement des algorithmes et des modèles de data 
science et d’IA  Qualités requises :  Capacité à challenger les besoins et être force de proposition des solutions pour le métier Autonomie, dynamisme
 Capacité à travailler sous stress Capacité à travailler en équipes et à partager ses connaissances Avoir une attitude ouverte vis-à-vis des changemen
ts  🏆 Conditions du poste  Genève📍 2 jours de télétravail par semaine Date de démarrage : 1er Juillet 2024 📆  💥Les étapes pour nous rencontrer  Notre 
équipe de chargés de recrutement est votre premier point de contact. A votre écoute, leur métier est de comprendre votre parcours, et de tenir compte 
de votre projet de vie et de vos attentes afin de vous proposer des missions qui vous correspondent. Selon votre domaine d’expertise, nous vous propos
ons d’échanger et de parler technique avec l’un de nos collaborateurs. Contexte, constitution de l’équipe en place, objectifs, expertise technique dem
andée, challenges à relever : cet entretien avec un Business Manager vous permet de connaître en détail les missions ou projets sur lesquels nous pour
rions être amenés à travailler ensemble. Un nouveau job au poste qui vous correspond !  🙌 Pourquoi choisir Qim info ? 🛠 Une expertise reconnue dans le
 monde du conseil avec une activité tournée autour d’une dizaine de secteurs d’activités et une connaissance de l’ensemble des métiers de l’IT 🤜🤛 Une 
proximité et un suivi RH & managérial de qualité avec nos consultants pour les accompagner dans leur montée en compétences et dans leur mission au quo
tidien 🥳 Nous rejoindre, c’est aussi partager plus qu’une pause-café ! Qim techs talks, soirées d’entreprises, Weekend Qim… de nombreux événements son
t organisés chaque année, de quoi se créer de beaux souvenirs ensemble ! 🔎 Vous souhaitez en savoir plus ? Nous attendons avec impatience votre candid
ature 😊KontaktQIM Info SA(0)31 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data Analyst 100% (m/f/d)Curaden AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:KriensSenior Data A
nalyst 100% (m/f/d)Curaden AG, headquartered in Kriens near Lucerne, is an innovative family business and stands for an idea, for a system, for a phil
osophy in terms of comprehensive oral health. Better health for you - with this central promise, we develop, market and distribute products for dentis
try and dental care worldwide under the brand CURAPROX. With this brand, we are now represented in over 90 countries on six continents. In addition, w
e have been advising dental professionals in practices and laboratories with solutions for sixty years and offer all the necessary products for custom
er-oriented practice operations. Our goal is to create a win-win-win situation between patient-dentist-Curaden. We are seeking a Senior Data Analyst t
o join our Digital Sales Department. This department oversees the company’s online distribution channels and mobile applications. The primary objectiv
e of this role is to utilise data to steer strategic decision-making and enhance business performance while establishing robust reporting systems and 
processes. Your focus will be to offer actionable insights that optimise the performance of our digital solutions by harnessing the power of data and 
transforming it into strategic insight to further refine these solutions. In this capacity, you will supervise one individual. This role is pivotal in
 monitoring and reporting on key metrics, facilitating data-informed decision-making, and contributing to the overall success and expansion of our dig
ital solutions and activities. We expect from this position to enhance visibility into performance, improve the ability to identify optimization and g
rowth opportunities, increase effectiveness in driving continuous improvement, and provide better insights into the profitability of our activities. S
enior Data Analyst 100% (m/f/d) Your tasks  Lead a subteam and improve operations and performance of the team responsible for providing insights from 
digital data. Take ownership of the pipeline of data and analytics use cases across the digital products managed by the team. Establish and monitor us
e case value delivery and KPIs and regularly review performance with key stakeholders. Translate business inquiries into analytical solutions and use 
cases that produce actionable insights. Define data requirements, data models, and data architecture to support further analysis. Lead and conduct adv
anced data analysis to derive meaningful insights and guide strategic decision-making. Apply statistical techniques, predictive modeling, and machine 
learning algorithms to extract insights, foster innovation, and optimize business performance. Provide strategic guidance and actionable recommendatio
ns to stakeholders based on data insights. Present data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manne
r. Ensure compliance with data protection regulations, privacy laws, and industry standards in data management and analytics activities. Collaborate w
ith legal and compliance teams to address any data-related legal and ethical considerations. Develop and implement data management strategies, includi
ng data governance, data quality, and data integration, to ensure the accuracy and reliability of data. Cultivate a collaborative and innovative team 
culture, promoting knowledge sharing and continuous learning.  Your profile  Hold a Bachelor of Science (or equivalent) in Data Science, Computer Scie
nce, Engineering, Management Information Systems, IT, MBA, or possess equivalent commercial experience and discipline. Demonstrated leadership experie
nce, with the ability to motivate and guide teams. Demonstrate extensive experience (preferably in healthcare) with relevant working knowledge in deli
vering actionable analytical insights that drive positive business results. Possess strategic business acumen and understanding of commercial and mark
eting approaches. Exhibit proficiency in analytical methods, statistical models and tools, and hypothesis building. Have the ability to communicate an
d collaborate across business and technical teams, with empathy and sensitivity for differences in data maturity. Possess strong project and people ma
nagement skills to execute complex initiatives and to get things done. Demonstrate the capacity to challenge the status quo and to be solutions orient
ed. Exhibit the ability to motivate key stakeholders from different teams to work towards the same goal. Possess experience in change management.  Cur
aden convinces with  challenging, versatile and exciting tasks fast growing company familiar working atmosphere and a dynamic working environment vari
ous opportunities for further training and career development trust in the employees with the possibility to contribute oneself attractive employee co
nditions and offers  Does this appeal to you? Then apply right now for this interesting position. We look forward to getting to know you! CURADEN AG |
 Human Resources | Amlehnstrasse 22 | 6010 Kriens | Phone: +41 41 319 45 38KontaktCURADEN AG(2)20 Jobshttps://www.curaden.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Data & AI Consulting Lead (Bern, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Bern
Data & AI Consulting Lead (Bern, Switzerland) HybridBern, Canton of Bern, SwitzerlandConsultingFull timeOverviewApplicationShare this job SVGs not sup
ported by this browser. Description Who We Are Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company de
dicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with so
me of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&
D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 offices in Switzer
land and Poland. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital tr
ansformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboratio
n on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes. Are You the team member we are looking for? Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Consulting Lead to join 
our growing Data & AI Consulting Practice in Zurich. Purpose of our Practice is to work alongside our data scientists and data engineers and advise cl
ients with a holistic data & AI consulting offering, ranging from technical-operational to conceptual-strategic. You will have the opportunity to acco
mpany state of the art data, AI & analytics projects with our clients. You will be involved in the whole lifecycle from business development and pre-s
ales to project implementation and client relationship building. You will become a core team member and take responsibility for scaling up the Data & 
AI consulting practice within Unit8. What You’ll Do Your role can evolve and will depend on our clients’ and internal challenges. In general, you will
: lead consulting projects with clients on their path to become a data-driven company, e.g. by assessing the client’s data and machine learning maturi
ty, identifying data-driven use cases, defining an impactful implementation roadmap, provide guidance on data and model governance, develop target ope
rating models for analytics organisations or benchmark different analytics tools & platforms contribute to the growth of our Data & AI Consulting Prac
tice via business development activities along all stages of the sales funnel (e.g., from prospecting new leads to answering to RfPs and closing new c
onsulting contracts) work closely with the head of our Data & AI Consulting practice as part of a small, high-performing team to co-develop the growth
 strategy and concepts and methodologies for new data & AI consulting offerings collaborate with our data & AI consultants, data scientists, data engi
neers and other specialists s on the implementation of impactful data-based solutions and machine learning use cases lead the creation of white papers
 and industry thought leadership on data science & AI-related topics Requirements You are Must have: a fluent German and English speaker both written 
and spoken equipped with 7-10 years of work experience in a reputable management consultancy at the intersection of business & technology experienced 
in successfully leading technical, operational and strategic client projects within data, AI & analytics able to quickly identify and prioritise busin
ess challenges and provide innovative and relevant solutions, either during an ongoing client project or in business development activities an outgoin
g and convincing personality who is talented at establishing, maintaining and growing commercial relationships with clients holding a Swiss passport o
r a valid EU/EFTA work permit Good to have: familiar with the Swiss business landscape and can tap into an existing network of decision makers a Bache
lor’s or Master’s graduate in IT/ computer science, engineering, business, mathematics or natural sciences willing to travel (on average no more than 
40%, primarily Switzerland, with some activity across Europe possible, mainly Germany & France) Benefits What We Offer A young, high growth services c
ompany which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance t
o co-build Unit8 Competitive compensation incl. base salary and variable compensation dependent on both individual + company performance and the optio
n to become shareholder of Unit8 Work on cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries A cult
ure that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding wh
en and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support wit
h both time and budget) 30 vacation days Apply for this job KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in ZurichErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSenior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting Actuarial in Zurich Senior Consultant - Financial Services Consulting
 Actuarial in Zurich     The opportunity    Our Consulting business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to providi
ng high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. Globally, o
ur Actuarial Consulting teams count over 650 professionals, ranking us in the Top 3 actuarial services practices in the world. In Europe we have over 
400 actuarial professionals across 17 countries.    Your Key Responsibilities     Pursuing exciting initiatives in the Financial Services industry acr
oss banking, insurance, and reinsurance clients This is a unique opportunity to explore a wide range of solutions to our clients’ issues. Allowing you
 to develop a wide breadth of skills and competencies, with many of these being focused around the key actuarial processes and techniques. The nature 
of Consulting promises a fast paced and engaging career. You will also have the opportunity to work in developing new ideas on current industry issues
. You will work on client assignments from day one with a supportive and highly experienced team. By working for multiple clients, you will use analys
es and modelling techniques to achieve a thorough understanding of business and technical issues enabling you to provide constructive advice and suppo
rt to our clients. Assignments in either Non-Life (P&C/GI) or Life Insurance and Reinsurance. You will have the opportunity to experience new and dive
rse aspects of the actuarial profession. This includes actuarial audit support and reserving, financial reporting (e.g. IFRS 17) and capital modelling
 (e.g. SST). You will also have the opportunity to explore other areas like machine learning / analytics, M&A and Risk Management. You will assist sen
ior management at our clients and build your international profile by working in global reach projects with multicultural teams both in Switzerland an
d abroad. You will be responsible for your own deliverables as well as for coaching and managing junior staff. Taking responsibility and leading the d
elivery of project streams and internal initiatives Collaborating with key stakeholders, business partners, and multi-disciplinary teams to help shapi
ng ideas, designing solutions, and delivering measurable, sustainable improvements in business performance  Applying storytelling skills and presentin
g recommendations to our clients in a clear and logical manner Leveraging and further developing our global EY methodologies, frameworks, tools, accel
erators, and enablers for a range of transformation goals Driving internal topic roundtables and thought leadership sessions Helping to drive go-to-ma
rket and business development initiatives to continuously provide valuable solutions for our clients.   Skills And Attributes For Success     At least
 3 years of relevant work experience in the Financial Services Industry and/or experience in a management consultancy practice. You have experience in
: Software asset development Software product lifecycle management Data Management and analytics   You have fresh ideas, an innovative mind and have a
 strong desire to structure and solve problems. You have experience in either life or non-life (re)insurance; IFRS 17 experience is considered a major
 plus. Excellent infrastructure and security requirements knowledge. You have a strong academic record, ideally with a degree in Actuarial Science, Ma
thematics, Economics or related. Fluency in English. German or French language skills are considered a strong advantage. Strong motivation to join a d
ynamic consulting environment and to work in the financial services sector. Distinctive problem-solving skills and good business judgment. Strong writ
ten and oral communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and partners from a variety of business functions.
 Strong stakeholder management skills. Strong team player with a client-oriented attitude, willing to proactively drive solutions within highly motiva
ted and diverse teams across functions and geographies.   Ideally you will also have   Experience and/or interest in leading a small team within a pro
ject stream. Knowledge in machine learning and programming (R, Python) and data visualization (Power BI). Strong connection in the Financial Services 
Industry.   What we look for   You are a team player with a flexible working style who enjoys working with diverse teams. You are prepared to challeng
e us, to act on your own initiative and to make an impact on our teams and clients from day one.   What We Offer     EY Switzerland offers you to work
 in a diverse and inclusive environment with colleagues coming from all over the world. You will work with and learn from experienced professionals an
d continuously develop yourself as we invest an important share of our annual turnover in the personal development and trainings of our employees.    
Furthermore, we offer attractive benefits to our employees, included but not limited to the following:       Further education: At EY, you have the po
ssibility to earn an accredited Masters in Sustainability, an accredited Masters in Business Analytics or an accredited MBA (EY Tech MBA) from the Hul
t International Business School, free of charge*. Additionally, you can also choose ad-hoc courses in one of our online education partners (e.g., Udem
y) and join EY-specific knowledge sharing sessions & trainings.  Hybrid working model: We offer working from home and flexible working options for our
 employees.  Work-life balance: Take 5 weeks of holidays per year as a standard and compensate your overtime at will.  Social contributions: Opt for o
ne of our generous pension fund plans and do not worry about the accident insurance as we fully cover it for you.  Parents@EY: Our benefits specially 
designed for parents at EY will help you focus on Work-Life integration.  Mentoring Program: in addition to career counselling within your team, you w
ill have the chance to choose one of our leaders as your mentor, to support and help you in your career goals and growth path.  Social Responsibility:
 at EY, you will have the chance to make a positive impact by joining one of our EY Ripples programs, designed specifically to support different socia
l initiatives within Switzerland and abroad.  Social Equity: ​EY has a commitment to advancing diversity, equity and inclusiveness (DE&I) and driving 
sustainable change for greater social equity. We recognize that people have different starting points, circumstances, backgrounds and identities, expe
riences and needs, which we all need to better understand. Social equity is about clearing obstacles,building more inclusive environments and enabling
 access to resources and opportunities so that everyone can thrive.  Fair-ON-Pay certified: As everyone deserves a fair pay, our salary grids and guid
elines ensure the equal treatment we aim for. **   Have we sparked your interest?We look forward to receiving your complete application with the follo
wing mandatory documents:  CV (max. 2 pages),  cover letter,  university certificates and transcript of grades  Any other document / job confirmation 
that you deem relevant for your candidature is welcome.   For more information, please contact our recruitment team (recruitment.switzerland@ey.com / 
+41 58 286 33 66).  The Exceptional EY Experience. It’s Yours To Build.  * Exception of EY contractors, interns and alumni.  ** Depending on the rank 
 EY | Building a better working world    EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society 
and build trust in the capital markets. Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and hel
p clients grow, transform, and operate. Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax, and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to f
ind new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)223 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job m
elden


Data & AI Consulting Lead (Zurich, Switzerland)Unit8 SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:24 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zü
richData & AI Consulting Lead (Zurich, Switzerland) HybridZürich, Zurich, SwitzerlandConsultingFull timeOverviewApplicationShare this job SVGs not sup
ported by this browser. Description Who We Are Founded in 2017, Unit8 is a fast-growing Swiss AI and data analytics consulting and services company de
dicated to solving complex problems of traditional industries like automotive, chemical, financial services, manufacturing and pharma. We work with so
me of the biggest organisations in Europe to solve the challenges that directly affect their business - be it operations, finance, manufacturing or R&
D. Since our foundation, we have successfully delivered more than 150 projects and have grown to 100+ talented individuals across 5 offices in Switzer
land and Poland. Unit8’s mission is to drive the adoption of AI and Data Science in the non-digital industries and to help accelerate their digital tr
ansformation. Among its activities, Unit8 dedicates a part of its resources and time on projects that deeply matter to us - that includes collaboratio
n on pro-bono and “engineering for good” causes. Are You the team member we are looking for? Unit8 is looking for a Data & AI Consulting Lead to join 
our growing Data & AI Consulting Practice in Zurich. Purpose of our Practice is to work alongside our data scientists and data engineers and advise cl
ients with a holistic data & AI consulting offering, ranging from technical-operational to conceptual-strategic. You will have the opportunity to acco
mpany state of the art data, AI & analytics projects with our clients. You will be involved in the whole lifecycle from business development and pre-s
ales to project implementation and client relationship building. You will become a core team member and take responsibility for scaling up the Data & 
AI consulting practice within Unit8. What You’ll Do Your role can evolve and will depend on our clients’ and internal challenges. In general, you will
: lead consulting projects with clients on their path to become a data-driven company, e.g. by assessing the client’s data and machine learning maturi
ty, identifying data-driven use cases, defining an impactful implementation roadmap, provide guidance on data and model governance, develop target ope
rating models for analytics organisations or benchmark different analytics tools & platforms contribute to the growth of our Data & AI Consulting Prac
tice via business development activities along all stages of the sales funnel (e.g., from prospecting new leads to answering to RfPs and closing new c
onsulting contracts) work closely with the head of our Data & AI Consulting practice as part of a small, high-performing team to co-develop the growth
 strategy and concepts and methodologies for new data & AI consulting offerings collaborate with our data & AI consultants, data scientists, data engi
neers and other specialists s on the implementation of impactful data-based solutions and machine learning use cases lead the creation of white papers
 and industry thought leadership on data science & AI-related topics Requirements You are Must have: a fluent German and English speaker both written 
and spoken equipped with 7-10 years of work experience in a reputable management consultancy at the intersection of business & technology experienced 
in successfully leading technical, operational and strategic client projects within data, AI & analytics able to quickly identify and prioritise busin
ess challenges and provide innovative and relevant solutions, either during an ongoing client project or in business development activities an outgoin
g and convincing personality who is talented at establishing, maintaining and growing commercial relationships with clients holding a Swiss passport o
r a valid EU/EFTA work permit Good to have: familiar with the Swiss business landscape and can tap into an existing network of decision makers a Bache
lor’s or Master’s graduate in IT/ computer science, engineering, business, mathematics or natural sciences willing to travel (on average no more than 
40%, primarily Switzerland, with some activity across Europe possible, mainly Germany & France) Benefits What We Offer A young, high growth services c
ompany which grew from 1 to 100+ employees since its foundation in 2017 Entrepreneurial environment with highly team-oriented culture and the chance t
o co-build Unit8 Competitive compensation incl. base salary and variable compensation dependent on both individual + company performance and the optio
n to become shareholder of Unit8 Work on cutting-edge data, AI & analytics topics (e.g., Generative AI) that have real impact across industries A cult
ure that is performance-oriented but at the same time friendly & supportive, incl. regular company-wide events Above the norm flexibility regarding wh
en and from where you work as long as both client and internal commitments are met High emphasis on learning & personal development (Unit8 support wit
h both time and budget) 30 vacation days Apply for this job KontaktUnit8 SA(0)10 Jobshttps://www.unit8.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Professional IT Business Analyst 80%-100% (m/w/d) konekkt GmbHSchnell bewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fe
stanstellungLohn:CHF 105 000 - 125 000 /JahrSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:4500 Solothurn  Begleite unseren Partner bei d
er Entwicklung innovativer Kundenlösungen! Unser Partner ist ein führender Anbieter von innovativen Kundenlösungen, der sein Produktportfolio in den B
ereichen Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM), Marketing Automation (CX) und Machine Learning (AI) erfolgreich kombiniert. Die Leidenschaft unseres Partne
rs besteht darin, Unternehmen bei ihrer Digitalisierung und der konsequenten Ausrichtung auf den Kunden zu begleiten. Wenn du ebenfalls eine Leidensch
aft für modernste Technologie, Handwerk und Innovation teilst, dann bist du bei unserem Partner genau richtig!  Deine Aufgaben:   Du bist verantwortli
ch für die Strukturierung und Dokumentation von Anforderungen und Prozessen und erstellst dafür detaillierte Konzepte. Als Business Analyst sorgst du 
für die erfolgreiche Umsetzung der Lösungen in den Projekten unseres Partners. Du bist der erste Ansprechpartner für eine erfolgreiche Zusammenarbeit 
und begleitest aktiv unsere Kunden vom Anfang bis zum Ende des Projekts. Du trägst dazu bei, dass unser Partner seine Produkte erfolgreich auf den Mar
kt bringt, indem du neue und verbesserte Lösungen entwickelst.   Dein Profil:   Du besitzt sehr gute Präsentations- und Moderationsfähigkeiten, um kom
plexe Sachverhalte verständlich zu kommunizieren. Initiative, Kreativität, Teamgeist, Verantwortungsbewusstsein und analytisches Denken sind Schlüssel
qualifikationen, die du für den Erfolg bei unserem Partner mitbringst. Du verfügst über Methodenkompetenz in UML, BPMN und SCRUM und kannst diese effe
ktiv einsetzen. Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift ermöglichen dir eine erfolgreiche Kommunikation mit Kunden und Teams.  U
nser Partner bietet dir eine herausfordernde und spannende Tätigkeit in einem innovativen Umfeld, in dem du als IT Business Analyst deine Fähigkeiten 
voll einbringen kannst. Du hast die Möglichkeit, Kundenprojekte aktiv mitzugestalten und innovative Lösungen zu entwickeln. Deine Initiative und Kreat
ivität werden geschätzt, während du Teil eines motivierten Teams wirst. Bewirb dich jetzt und werde Teil des Erfolgs unseres Partners! Wir freuen uns 
darauf, dich kennenzulernen.Kontaktkonekkt GmbH(4)131 Jobshttps://konekkt.ch/Schnell bewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Manager, Applied ResearchThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zu
gManager, Applied ResearchAre you excited about working at the forefront of applied research in an industry setting? Thomson Reuters Labs in Zug is se
eking a hands-on people manager to lead a team of high performing applied scientists, with a passion for solving problems using state-of-the-art Infor
mation Retrieval, Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning. What does Thomson Reuters Labs do? We experiment, we build, we deliver. We support
 the organization and our customers through applied research in informational retrieval, natural language processing and machine learning. We work clo
sely with product and domain experts to identify compelling solutions at the intersection of user need and technical feasibility. Our team is responsi
ble for designing the next generation of research technology for Legal and Tax Professionals in the US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. We own
 AI innovation for Thomson Reuters’ core research products, including Westlaw, Practical Law, and Checkpoint. The Labs Legal Technology team is seekin
g an exceptional manager to lead a cross-functional team with significant product scope. This team is responsible for designing, developing, and deliv
ering AI capabilities to Thomson Reuters' Legal Technology product portfolio focusing on contract drafting and review. These products include CoCounse
l, CoCounsel Drafting, Document Intelligence, HighQ, Contract Express, and Legal Tracker, among others. As a manager on this team, you will directly i
nfluence AI strategy and the feature roadmap through ideation and rapid prototyping in close collaboration with Product and Design counterparts. In ad
dition to research and prototyping, this team also writes functional, scalable, and reliable software that runs in our products. The combined scope re
quires a highly efficient, agile approach to both research and development. Strong experimental design and evaluation are also essential given the com
plexity of the domain and the high stakes nature of the work our customers rely on our technology to perform." As Manager, Applied Research you will: 
Lead: You will build a high performing team through servant leadership by setting clear expectations, modeling expected behaviors and actively coachin
g. You will be a proactive communicator who is excited to share their work and even more excited to highlight the accomplishments of their team. You w
ill be articulate and compelling in describing ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. Deliver: With a sense of urgency and the desire to
 work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, you will translate complex business problems into solutions with clearly defined outcomes and break down c
omplex ideas into tractable incremental milestones. You will drive the end-to-end model development lifecycle partnering effectively with a collaborat
ive cross-functional team. Our problems are complex; our solutions are right-sized. You will be accountable for timely, well-managed software delivera
bles. Innovate: You will be empowered to try new approaches, learn new technologies, and take informed risks with good judgement. Furthermore, you wil
l encourage and empower your team to do the same. You will foster innovative ideas to solve real-world challenges. You will help lead the way in growi
ng the understanding and adoption of AI, NLP and IR across the enterprise. You are a fit for the role of Manager, Applied Research if you have: PhD in
 a relevant discipline or Master’s plus a comparable level of experience At least 5 years practical, relevant experience building NLP/IR/ML systems, f
rom ideation to production The willingness and ability to write clean, production-ready code (in python, mostly) Experience coaching and developing a 
team Demonstrable experience translating complex business problems into solutions with clearly defined scope and executing on that vision with demonst
rated success At least 8 years practical experience building IR, ML or NLP systems. Experience innovating with state-of-the-art research to solve appl
ied, real-world problems successfully Experience in a fast-paced, agile environment managing uncertainty and ambiguity Outstanding communication and d
ata-driven decision-making Experience delivering minimum viable products in a large enterprise environment Publications at workshops or conferences su
ch as ACL, EMNLP, KDD, ICML, NeurIPS, SIGIR, or similar What's in it For You?  You will join our inclusive culture of world-class talent, where we are
 committed to your personal and professional growth through: Hybrid Work Model: We’ve adopted a flexible hybrid working environment (2-3 days a week i
n the office depending on the role) for our office-based roles while delivering a seamless experience that is digitally and physically connected Wellb
eing: Comprehensive benefit plans; flexible and supportive benefits for work-life balance: flexible vacation, two company-wide Mental Health Days Off;
 work from another location for up to a total of 8 weeks in a year, 4 of those weeks can be out of the country and the remaining in the country, Heads
pace app subscription; retirement, savings, tuition reimbursement, and employee incentive programs; resources for mental, physical, and financial well
being. Culture: Globally recognized and award-winning reputation for equality, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, work-life balance, and more. Lear
ning & Development: LinkedIn Learning access; internal Talent Marketplace with opportunities to work on projects cross-company; Ten Thousand Coffees T
homson Reuters café networking. Social Impact: Ten employee-driven Business Resource Groups; two paid volunteer days annually; Environmental, Social a
nd Governance (ESG) initiatives for local and global impact. Purpose Driven Work: We have a superpower that we’ve never talked about with as much prid
e as we should – we are one of the only companies on the planet that helps its customers pursue justice, truth and transparency. Together, with the pr
ofessionals and institutions we serve, we help uphold the rule of law, turn the wheels of commerce, catch bad actors, report the facts, and provide tr
usted, unbiased information to people all over the world.  LI-IG1 DISCLAIMER The above information in this description has been designed to indicate t
he general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehens
ive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Do you want to be part of a team helping
 re-invent the way knowledge professionals work? How about a team that works every day to create a more transparent, just and inclusive future? At Tho
mson Reuters, we’ve been doing just that for almost 160 years. Our industry-leading products and services include highly specialized information-enabl
ed software and tools for legal, tax, accounting and compliance professionals combined with the world’s most global news services – Reuters. We help t
hese professionals do their jobs better, creating more time for them to focus on the things that matter most: advising, advocating, negotiating, gover
ning and informing. We are powered by the talents of 25,000 employees across more than 75 countries, where everyone has a chance to contribute and gro
w professionally in flexible work environments that celebrate diversity and inclusion. At a time when objectivity, accuracy, fairness and transparency
 are under attack, we consider it our duty to pursue them. Sound exciting? Join us and help shape the industries that move society forward. Accessibil
ity As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified e
mployees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national o
rigin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under appl
icable law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace. We also make r
easonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.Kontak
tThomson Reuters (Markets) Europe AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Praktikant, 40 % (m/w/d)PELEVEN AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 April 2023Pensum:40%Vertrag:Festanstellung, PraktikumArbeitsort:BaselPraktikant,
 40 % (m/w/d)Hinweis: Das Praktikum ist ausschliesslich in Kombination mit einem praxisintegrierten Bachelorstudium an der Fachhochschule Nordwestschw
eiz möglich (Weitere Informationen zum Studium findest du hier: Praxisbezogen studieren – direkt nach der Matura | FHNW) Wir suchen engagierte und mot
ivierte Praktikanten (m/w/d), die sich für die Zukunft der Pharma- und Technologiebranche begeistern und ihre Karriere in einer Ingenieur-Dienstleistu
ngsfirma vorantreiben möchten. Das Praktikum umfasst eine Vielzahl von Aufgaben in den Bereichen Industrie/Pharma 4.0, Digitalisierung und Automation.
 Deine Aufgabenbereiche: Unterstützung bei der Entwicklung von Lösungen im Bereich Pharma 4.0, einschließlich Technologien wie IoT, Cloud Computing, K
ünstliche Intelligenz (KI) und Machine Learning Mitarbeit bei der Umsetzung von Automatisierungsprojekten in der Pharmaindustrie Durchführung von Anal
ysen und Bewertungen von bestehenden Technologien und Systemen zur Optimierung von Produktionsprozessen und Datenanalysen Unterstützung bei der Erstel
lung von Berichten und Präsentationen für Kunden und Geschäftspartner Dein Profil: die allgemeine oder fachgebundene Hochschulreife bzw. die Fachhochs
chulreife Erste IT- und gute Englischkenntnisse Selbstständigkeit, Engagement, Teamfähigkeit und engagierte Macherpersönlichkeit mit einer systematisc
hen Denk- und Vorgehensweise Offener und direkter Kommunikationsstil Gutes Auffassungsvermögen und Spass am Lernen Für die Zulassung an der FHNW müsse
n folgende Voraussetzungen zwingend erfüllt werden:sehr gute Deutschkenntnisse (C1) und abgeschlossene Matura Wir bieten: Eine abwechslungsreiche und 
anspruchsvolle Tätigkeit in einem dynamischen Umfeld Ein motiviertes und erfahrenes Team, das gemeinsam an zukunftsweisenden Projekten arbeitet Eine a
ngemessene Vergütung sowie eine moderne Arbeitsumgebung Gelegenheit zur persönlichen und fachlichen Weiterentwicklung Wenn Du Dich angesprochen fühlst
 und Teil eines erfolgreichen Teams in einer Ingenieur-Dienstleistungsfirma werden möchtest, bewirb Dich jetzt mit Deinem Lebenslauf und einem Anschre
iben, in dem Du uns mitteilst, warum Du Dich für das Praktikum bei uns bewirbst und welche Erfahrungen Du mitbringst.Sende Deine Bewerbung BewerbenJob
 merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science ArchitectViseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Sci
ence ArchitectSind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? Motiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu
 automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine heterogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du 
der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Standort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.Aufgaben Zusammen mit dem Solution Architek
t und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterentwicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primä
r: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernetes In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwi
cklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in ein technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu imple
mentieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle des Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst rege
lmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- und Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML‑Ops Strategie
. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Architekten. Profil Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfah
rung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unternehmerische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen 
Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Pl
us Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift ChancenBei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit g
uten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home
 Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.  Kontak
tViseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen voll
ständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024Pensum:100
%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remote sensing and photogrammetryThe announced postdoctoral resear
cher is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group within the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the Department of Geography, Universit
y of Zurich. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental changes worldwide. Analyzing remote sensing data is complex, and find
ing solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environmental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e.,
 dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining how to apply solutions at different scales. The research group aims
 to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, and mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, an
d geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological questions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including m
anaging the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and commercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutio
ns. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new research perspectives.  Postdoctoral Researcher - Data scientist in remot
e sensing and photogrammetry    Your responsibilities The candidate will have a central role in the research group by addressing the following methodo
logical and technological research topics in close collaboration with all team members. You will be responsible for managing the satellite data archiv
e and developing algorithms/tools that facilitate organization, and access to the data for the team's research and teaching activities. You are expect
ed to develop image processing and analysis tools to support the team, including artificial intelligence and machine learning for geospatial remote se
nsing datasets. You will be part of the team contributing to developing open-source and modular processing pipelines for accurately generating DEM tim
e series and elevation information. These solutions can complement already available pipelines such as xDEM. Subsequently, advanced time series optica
l and SAR data analysis will be created with the PhDs for change detection analysis, including developing satellite radar interferometric ground motio
n time series. Furthermore, the multiple sensor-platform approach aims to calibrate/validate satellite observation at local, regional, and global scal
es. You will also collaborate in the planning and teaching of courses in the field of remote sensing at the department. You are welcome to develop you
r research activities and ideas through joint proposals or as principal investigator and apply for funding through national and international opportun
ities, including ESA calls.     Your profile We seek an enthusiastic, creative, and independent researcher interested in working with various remote s
ensing data to quantify changes in cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. Specifically, the research topics will cover a broad range of technology a
nd environmental sciences, including but not only glacier changes in elevation and velocity, periglacial changes due to glacier retreat and related ma
ss movements, spatiotemporal changes in forest cover and height along with the characterization of vertical and horizontal forest structures. Remote s
ensing data include historical and digital aerial images, airborne Lidar, optical satellite data, synthetic aperture radar (SAR), satellite laser and 
radar altimetry. In addition, research will also involve the simulation and use of upcoming ESA and NASA satellite missions.  Requirements The candida
te must be able to multitask and work on various projects and applications independently and in collaboration with the team members and other colleagu
es. The applicant should have problem-solving skills and good organizational and communication skills. Advanced programming and computational skills, 
software development, geospatial data analysis and visualization, GIS and Remote Sensing concepts are required. The team will primarily use Python, QG
IS, ArcGIS, and project tracking systems (e.g., GitHub). Fluent English is a requirement. German is not required, but it facilitates communication wit
h the administrative and other members. The candidate will benefit from a close network of collaboration with the Remote Sensing Laboratories at the d
epartment and established international collaborations, such as with the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), Instit
ute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF), University of Oslo, World Glacier Monitoring Service, TU Wien, German Aerospace Center (DLR), Ulster Univer
sity, University Grenoble Alpes, TU Dresden, University of Toulouse, Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt, and University of Innsbruck. Interac
tions with supported science IT teams will be required to address large-scale computational research data processing and management.   What we offer T
he team will be built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing 
experiences, ideas, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community. We offer outstanding 
working conditions, a high quality of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork. Emplo
yment is 80 % for three years with a possibility of extension of another three years. The salary is defined by the level of the employee's career and 
age following the salary regulations of the UZH.   Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.net
BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Science ArchitectViseca Payment Services AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:01 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichData Sci
ence ArchitectSind «Big Data» und «AI» für dich mehr als nur Schlagwörter? Motiviert dich die Herausforderung, Machine-Learning Prozesse End-to-End zu
 automatisieren? Hast du Erfahrung damit, analytische Resultate in eine heterogene unternehmensweite Software Landschaft zu integrieren? Dann bist du 
der Datendompteur, den wir per sofort oder nach Vereinbarung an unseren Standort in Zürich Oerlikon suchen.Aufgaben Zusammen mit dem Solution Architek
t und dem DWH Entwicklungsteam bist du verantwortlich für die Weiterentwicklung der Data Analytics Plattform. Die eingesetzten Technologien sind primä
r: Microsoft SQL Server, Python, SSIS, C#, Flink, Kafka, GIT, Kubernetes In deiner Schnittstellenfunktion zwischen den Fachbereichen und der DWH Entwi
cklung erarbeitest du die fachlichen Anforderungen und setzt diese in ein technisches Konzept um. Du scheust dich nicht allenfalls Prototypen zu imple
mentieren. Du übernimmst im Rahmen unseres agilen Vorgehens die Rolle des Product-Owners für ausgewählte Analytics Applikationen und präsentierst rege
lmässig den Fortschritt in Projektmeetings. Du verfasst Architektur- und Entwicklungsrichtlinien und hilfst uns bei der Umsetzung der ML‑Ops Strategie
. Du pflegst die Beziehung zu unserer IT und zu unseren Enterprise-Architekten. Profil Abgeschlossene Hochschule oder Fachhochschule Mehrjährige Erfah
rung in der Entwicklung datengetriebener Softwaresysteme Unternehmerische Persönlichkeit mit Biss Interesse an modernen Datenverarbeitungsplattformen 
Ausgeprägte analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten Allfällige Branchenkenntnisse des Kreditkartengeschäfts oder in der Finanzindustrie sind ein Pl
us Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift ChancenBei Viseca arbeitest du in einem dynamischen und kreativen Arbeitsumfeld mit g
uten Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten. Wir pflegen eine offene und unkomplizierte Kultur und bieten unseren Mitarbeitenden nebst gründlicher Einführung, Home
 Office Möglichkeit, attraktiven Anstellungsbedingungen und fortschrittlichen Lohnnebenleistungen auch weitreichende Entscheidungskompetenzen.  Kontak
tViseca Payment Services SA, Patrick Grzinic, Human Resources Management Nimm an unserer Erfolgsgeschichte teil und bewirb dich online mit deinen voll
ständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Digital Manufacturing Consultant Industry X (all genders) AccentureBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:13 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:F
estanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Basel|Bern|Genf|Lugano|Zürich   Deine Persönlichkeit und Individualität
 machen den Unterschied. Im Team von Accenture steigern wir die unternehmerische Leistungsfähigkeit unserer Kunden und weisen ihnen den Weg ins digita
le Zeitalter. So auch im Bereich Industry X: Hier gestalten wir die Technologien von morgen und beschleunigen den digitalen Wandel.  Das ist genau dei
n Ding? Dann lebe deine Leidenschaft in einer Position, in der du die Produktion und Digital-Strategie unserer Kunden mit den neuesten Technologien un
d Techniken revolutionieren wirst und mit uns in diesem Umfeld spannende Themen wie IoT/Cloud Plattformen, Digital Twin, AI & Analytics und viele weit
ere vorantreibst.   Das erwartet dich    Du unterstützt und berätst unsere Industriekunden bei der Gestaltung und Optimierung ihrer Produktions- und F
ertigungsprozesse und deren digitale Transformation in den Bereichen IoT, Industrie 4.0, Digital Twin und Digital Thread.   Gemeinsam sichern und opti
mieren wir die Produktionsfähigkeiten unserer Kunden durch die Anwendung verschiedenster state-of-the-art Technologien, wie beispielsweise von Dassaul
t Systems, SAP, Siemens, Microsoft, Amazon, Google und weiteren.   Wir begleiten den gesamten Projektzyklus von der Strategie bis zum Anforderungsmana
gement, über die Konzeption und Planung bis hin zur Entwicklung und Implementierung von komplexen Transformationsprojekten - meist in einem agilen Pro
jektumfeld.   Abhängig von deiner Berufs- und Führungserfahrung übertragen wir dir dabei schnell Projektleitungsverantwortung und du arbeitest eng mit
 Experten und Expertinnen anderer Fachbereiche zusammen.      Darauf freuen wir uns    Abgeschlossenes Studium der (Wirtschafts-)Informatik, Wirtschaf
tsingenieurswesen, Maschinenbau, Wirtschaftswissenschaft oder ein vergleichbarer Abschluss- idealerweise mit Spezialisierung auf eine spezifische Indu
strie oder in Bereichen wie Industrie 4.0 und Digitalisierung.   Du besitzt ein tiefes Verständnis der gesamten unternehmerischen Wertschöpfungskette 
sowie der betriebswirtschaftlichen und logistischen Zusammenhänge und brennst für Themen rund um digitale Herstellungsmethoden und Optimierung von Pro
duktionsabläufen.   Idealerweise bringst du bereits Berufs- und Projekterfahrung in der Beratung mit und kennst dich in mindestens einem dieser Bereic
he bestens aus: Industrie 4.0, Digitale Transformation, Produktion/ MOM Prozesse (Lean, KVP, six sigma, ...), IoT Plattformen, Automatisierung, Additi
ve Fertigung, Machine Learning.   Sehr gute analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten, sowie eine lösungsorientierte, methodische Herangehensweise un
d erste Kenntnisse in agilen Arbeitsweisen, relevanten Werkzeugen und ggf. Programmiersprachen (Jira, Confluence, Python, ...) zeichnen dich aus.   Se
hr gute Deutsch und gute Englischkenntnisse, sowie projektbezogene Reisebereitschaft     Dein Kontakt  Du hast Fragen? Dann wende dich an unser Recrui
ting Team per E-Mail an  E-Mail schreiben   oder telefonisch unter 00 800 450 450 45.   Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung!   KontaktAccenture(10)42 J
obshttps://www.accenture.ch/karriereBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist internPhilip Morris Services India SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lausann
eData Scientist internDetails Contract Full-Time Location Lausanne, Switzerland Department Information Technology Openings 2 Job ID 57771860 Be a part
 of a revolutionary change! Times are changing at PMI. We’ve chosen to do something big. The world expects us to act responsibly. And we are doing jus
t that by transforming our business and building our future on one clear purpose – to deliver a smoke-free future. This transformation will revolution
ize every area of our business. The products we sell. Where we sell them. How they’re manufactured and delivered. The way we talk to our customers and
 engage with society. It’s the perfect setting place to start your career. As you take your first steps, you’ll have the backing of a multinational bu
siness combined with the freedom of a start-up. You’ll bring a positive mindset and fresh perspective to projects that can make a huge difference to s
o many. About the team: The Digital Product Innovation group drives product innovation by exploiting the expertise of the Digital Solutions Product Ca
tegory Management team. This group supports business teams from ideation to product brief, providing digital leadership and expertise, technology inno
vation, and de-risking technologies, including rapid prototyping. Project Description: This project aims to use natural language processing algorithms
 to classify and analyze big data from PMI. The project will involve applying both traditional supervised learning algorithms and state-of-the-art GPT
 algorithms to PMI’s internal data. The goal is to gain insights and understanding from the data through the use of NLP techniques. The project will i
nvolve collaboration with team members and stakeholders to ensure the analysis meets the project’s goals and provides valuable insights. This project 
presents an exciting opportunity to explore the potential of NLP algorithms in the analysis of big data. Roles & Objectives: The student’s role would 
be to run and customize several NLP algorithms on the internal data of PMI. Their objectives would include: • Understand project requirements and scop
e to tailor NLP solutions effectively. • Conducting research and analysis on the internal data of PMI to develop the NLP algorithms. • Develop, fine-t
une, and test NLP algorithms that extract valuable insights from textual information. • Propose robust AWS architectures to efficiently run NLP script
s. • Benchmark the performance of the model & continuously refine and enhance algorithm performance. • Collaborating with team members and stakeholder
s to ensure the algorithm meets the project’s goals. • Documenting work and presenting findings to the team. The student would be expected to work ind
ependently, think critically, and possess strong problem-solving skills. They would also be expected to communicate effectively with team members and 
stakeholders. Who we’re looking for: We seek an enthusiastic student who embodies curiosity, creativity, and technical prowess. Here’s the ideal candi
date: • Available from mid-July to February • Educational Background: A strong foundation in computer science, mathematics, or a related field. • NLP 
Passion: Deep knowledge of machine learning and natural language processing techniques. • Coding Skills: Proficiency in Python is essential. Familiari
ty with libraries like NLTK, scikit-learn, and TensorFlow is a big plus. • Experience: Prior exposure to NLP projects or research is highly desirable.
 • Independence and Critical Thinking: You’ll have the autonomy to explore, innovate, and solve complex problems. • Effective Communication: Collabora
te seamlessly with team members and stakeholders. What we offer • Hands-On Experience: The student will gain practical experience in their field of st
udy, contributing to their professional growth. • Skill Enhancement: Opportunities to learn and apply new skills, including exposure to real-world sce
narios. • Networking and Mentorship: Interaction with experienced professionals within the organization. • Flexible Work Environment: A supportive wor
k environment that respects academic commitments. • Project Exposure: Involvement in projects that contribute to the organization’s goals. Our success
 depends on our talented employees who come to work here every single day with a sense of purpose and an appetite for progress. Join PMI and you too c
an: Seize the freedom to shape your future and ours. We’ll empower you to take risks, experiment and explore. Be part of an inclusive, diverse culture
, where everyone’s contribution is respected; collaborate with some of the world’s best people and feel like you belong. Pursue your ambitions and dev
elop your skills with a global business –our staggering size and scale provides endless opportunities to progress. Take pride in delivering our promis
e to society: to deliver a smoke-free future. PMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Apply Related jobs Other jobs available Senior Solution Architect -
 Data & Segmentation  Information Technology FULL-TIME London,United Kingdom  InfoSec Operational Excellence Specialist  Information Technology FULL-T
IME London,United Kingdom  Project Coordinator innovation intern  Operations FULL-TIME Neuchatel,Switzerland  Project/Program Manager P&C IT  Informat
ion Technology FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland  Illicit Trade Prevention Data Analyst  Legal, Ethics & Compliance FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland  Customer Care Devel
opment Intern  Consumer FULL-TIME Lausanne,Switzerland  Senior Site Reliability Engineer  Information Technology FULL-TIME Kraków,Poland KontaktPhilip
 Morris International(1)15 Jobshttps://www.pmicareers.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Fullstack Developer Angular / Java (m/w) - 80-100%Epic Solutions GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Dezember 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:FreienbachFullstack Developer Angular / Java (m/w) - 80-100% Fullstack Developer Angular / Java (m/w) – 80-100% Suchst du eine spanne
nde Herausforderung in der RegTech Branche? Möchtest du von Anfang an einneues Softwareprodukt mitentwickeln und mitgestalten? Suchst du ein dynamisch
es Unternehmen, dasdir viel Freiheit bietet? Über die Firma Die EPIC Solutions GmbH ist eine unabhängige Investment Compliance und RisikomanagementUnt
ernehmensberatung mit Hauptsitz in Wollerau (Arbeitsort in Zürich oder nach Vereinbarung). DasTeam von EPIC Solution setzt sich aus Professionals mit 
mehrjähriger Berufserfahrung im InvestmentCompliance & Risikomanagement zusammen. Die Kernkompetenz der EPIC Solutions GmbH undihren Mitarbeitern ist 
ein tiefgreifendes und vollständiges Gesamtverständnis von systemseitigen undoperativen Prozessen im Investment Compliance & Risikomanagement. Die Phi
losophie von EPIC Solutions: „Professional Service with Competence and Passion“. EPIC Solutions lanciert ein neues Softwareprodukt und freut sich dara
uf, dich an Bord zu haben. Was wir bieten: Mitarbeit in einem jungen Start-Up Entwicklung und Mitgestaltung eines neuen Softwareprodukts Spannende Her
ausforderung in der RegTech Branche Rolle mit viel zukünftigem Entwicklungspotenzial Deine Qualifikationen: Hohe Eigenmotivation, Leistungs- und Lernb
ereitschaft Gute Kenntnisse über Spring Boot und das Angular Framework Praktische Erfahrung mit Bootstrap, HTML, CSS / SCSS Kenntnisse über Docker, Ku
bernetes, Cloud-Anwendungen oder Machine Learning rundendein Profil ab Grundkenntnisse mit branchenüblichen Compliance-Überwachungssystemen wie Charle
sRiver, XENTIS, MIG21, Aladdin, Bloomberg AIM, Simcorp, ... sind von Vorteil Wir freuen uns über Ihre vollständige Bewerbung und Ihre Zeugnisse.Kontak
t-E-Mail-Adresse: E-Mail schreiben EPIC Solutions GmbH | Postweg 5 | 8807 | Freienbach | Switzerland | MWST: CHE-473.580.699 MWST 41 43 540 45 41 | E-
Mail schreiben | www.epicsolutions.ch KontaktEPIC Solutions GmbH(0)3 Jobshttps://www.epicsolutions.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


AI Platforms OwnerZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichAI
 Platforms OwnerAI Platforms Owner A new adventure awaits… How does 5 weeks leave per year, an impactful career that you’ll truly love, and working fo
r a great organisation that empowers wellbeing sound like to you? At Zurich we’re on a journey towards a brighter future… A brighter future for you - 
focused on your career, your wellbeing, and your community - as well as our customers and the planet. This exciting adventure will drive positive impa
ct. So, if you want to be part of a values led organisation, that is a leader in the insurance industry with a track record of making a real differenc
e and continuously taking steps toward a sustainable future for our people, customers, communities, and our planet…read on! Let’s create a brighter fu
ture together, let’s make a difference Work is something you do, not only somewhere you go. The way we work continues to evolve and at Zurich we are c
ommitted to creating ways of working that ensure you are helping to create a brighter future. It’s important to know, what you do matters. As part of 
Zurich Australia’s focus on becoming the leading Digital insurer in Australia the Data, AI and Automation team is creating a new AI focused Platform t
eam to become the Centre of Excellence for AI solution & delivery supporting the enterprise as well as the market facing business lines across Life an
d General Insurance. The AI Platforms team will sit within the Data, AI and Automation Centre of Excellence, comprised of a multi-functional team to w
ork with Agile delivery squads across the organisation to deliver AI enabled solutions. The team is comprised of Data Scientists, ML Engineers, Servic
e/ Process Designers, Cloud Architects, Data & AI Governance. The AI Platforms team will be accountable for managing design, implementation of the tec
hnical environment which e2e AI enabled solutions are developed predominately in an AWS environment. The team will also be responsible for managing ou
r ML Ops framework and managing all run components of the environment. The AI Platforms team will engage and interact across all areas of the business
, Technology, and the Data function. The AI Platform Owner will be responsible for leading the development and implementation of AI platforms and capa
bilities within the Data, AI, and Automation Centre of Excellence. The AI Platform Owner will manage the technical environment, oversee the implementa
tion of AI solutions, and collaborate with cross-functional teams across the organization to deliver business and customer value. Important to your su
ccess - let's grow together Experience and Knowledge Required:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information systems, Data Science, 
or a related field Minimum of 7-10 years of experience in developing and implementing Data & ML platforms and capabilities Strong knowledge and prior 
experience with AWS services and infrastructure Experience with Snowflake or similar cloud native Data platforms Demonstrated experience or knowledge 
managing ML Ops frameworks Solid understanding of machine learning and intelligent automation technologies Experience working in Agile delivery enviro
nments, collaborating with cross-functional teams and business stakeholders Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.  You will ideal
ly have previous experience in the insurance or financial services industry, along with experience with other cloud platforms, such as Azure or Google
 Cloud Platform and knowledge of big data technologies. Preferably you have a strong background in cloud solution and application development and cert
ifications in AWS or other relevant AI platforms and technologies. Belong. Zurich is here to support you There are so many reasons why Zurich is a gre
at place to be, but here are just a few: 5 weeks leave per year for permanent staff through our new Z leave initiative, as well as 15 days personal/ca
rer’s leave (as we empower our people to manage their own wellbeing); Grow, and thrive in your career (we support and encourage it) with award winning
 training programs; Work with global, diverse, and inclusive teams; Explore your passions, fuel innovation, drive equity, collaborate and make a posit
ive difference beyond your role; Access programs to stay healthy and feel healthier along with receiving a AUD$500 wellbeing payment per year, plus a 
AUD$295 new starter e-voucher for your WFH set up (flex work - hybrid working), and other great benefits through our Shine portal; Access to Family Ca
re (parental leave); Volunteer; Work in our state-of-the-art Green Star rated offices (when you are in the office); and dress for your day. We also pl
ant a tree for every new employee – one of many local initiatives driving our contribution to ambitious global sustainability targets… …We could go on
, but the main point is that Zurich is a great place to be, where you can truly belong and thrive. Zurich is an equal opportunity employer. We are com
mitted to ensuring that our recruitment process is fair and accessible for all candidates. If you require any special accommodations to participate in
 our recruitment process, we encourage you to please let us know at the time of your application. So, if you want to come on an adventure that will bu
ild a brighter future together, and feel a sense of togetherness, then please apply today to start your adventure!KontaktZürich Versicherungs-Gesellsc
haft AG / Zurich Insurance Company Ltd / Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SA(6)178 Jobshttps://www.zurich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 März 2024
Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental changesThe announced
 PhD position is part of the new Remote Sensing of Environmental Changes group. Remote sensing is vital in documenting and monitoring environmental ch
anges worldwide. Analysing remote sensing data is complex, and finding solutions often requires custom-tailored algorithms. For what concerns environm
ental changes, most problems come with additional challenges, i.e., dealing with the inherent limitations of each sensor and platform and determining 
how to apply solutions at different scales.The research group aims to address these challenges and to make an impact in quantifying, understanding, an
d mitigating environmental changes in the cryosphere, forestry, and geomorphology. To this end, we aim to address fundamental and methodological quest
ions in remote sensing. Yet, several challenges exist, including managing the sheer volume and variety of geospatial data available from open and comm
ercial sensors and across different spatial and temporal resolutions. Furthermore, the imminent launch of new satellite missions will open new researc
h perspectives. The PhD project intends to exploit the potential of historical aerial images acquired worldwide from the early 1920s until the 2000s. 
This data is a unique and untapped resource that provides the only evidence of the earth's surface over the last century and can be used to create dig
ital elevation models (DEMs) through photogrammetric processing if sufficient stereo coverage is available.In recent years, there has been a growing i
nterest in using this data in the context of climate change and rapid human development. However, this data poses several challenges, such as distorti
on during digitisation, lack of metadata, and poor image quality, which can compromise the quality and success of photogrammetric processing. As a res
ult, new pipelines have been developed to address these challenges and automate data processing.The project aims to develop solutions to process histo
rical aerial images to generate accurate elevation information. Exciting historical aerial images from the Trimetrogon flights over glacierised areas 
in Patagonia have been scanned and are available for use in the PhD project. Additional historical images will be purchased to exploit the potential o
f this data over other glacierised areas in the Chilean Andes and worldwide. Change detection analysis will subsequently be conducted to quantify glac
ier and proglacial changes in the observed area. This will include analysing DEMs from modern data acquired by very high-resolution airborne and satel
lite images. Apart from 3D surface reconstruction, historical images are a valuable source of information for detecting changes in land cover using or
thorectified images. Further research could involve the development of artificial intelligence and deep learning solutions for image segmentation and 
quantifying land cover changes over time (e.g., Dahle et al., 2024).  PhD - Unlocking historical aerial image archive for understanding environmental 
changes    Your responsibilities   Developing and implementing research questions. Testing new photogrammetric pipelines (e.g., Knuth et al., 2023; Ma
iwald et al., 2023; Zhang et al., 2021) for processing historical aerial images using commercial and open-source solutions. Sensitivity study with Tri
metrogon flights or other available data aiming at improving our understanding of the impact of photogrammetric processing on the DEM quality. Impleme
ntation of solutions for correcting image distortion introduced during the scanning processing and storage. Applying the photogrammetric processing pi
peline to reconstruct DEM time series from different datasets. Quantify the accuracy and uncertainty of the generated DEMs to assess the significance 
of detected changes. Develop DEM time series methods analysis to extract elevation change information and analyse changes over time, including machine
 learning approaches. Image deep learning segmentation for characterising surface landcover and landcover changes. Presentation of research results at
 conferences and publishing results in peer-reviewed journals. Contribution to the teaching of remote sensing courses. Close collaboration with resear
ch partners at the University of Zurich, University of Magallanes, Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), University o
f Toulouse, and TU Wien.     Your profile You have completed a M.Sc. degree in photogrammetry, remote sensing, computer vision, physical geography, ea
rth systems science, physics, or related fields. A strong interest and possibly some experience in image processing, photogrammetry, computer vision, 
and change detection analysis is expected.Very good skills in processing and analysing geospatial data and advanced programming and computational skil
ls (e.g., Python) are required. Experience and interest in cryosphere processes are welcome. You have very good written and spoken English and are wil
ling to interact with an interdisciplinary science community. Knowing German is an additional asset but not required   What we offer The team will be 
built on the values of collaboration, diversity, respect, initiative, and open science. The drivers of the research group are sharing experiences, ide
as, and approaches, learning from each other, and returning what we have learned to the group and the community.We offer a 4-year PhD full position (w
ith internal evaluation after one year). All doctoral candidates will be members of UZH's graduate program and thus benefit from a comprehensive train
ing program and extensive support measures, including the possibility to spend a period abroad. We offer outstanding working conditions, a high qualit
y of life in Zurich, excellent support and a flexible work environment that fosters collaboration and teamwork.   Further information  E-Mail schreibe
n KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsF. Hoffmann-La Roche AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:09 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
BaselData Scientist in Sensor Data AnalyticsRoche fosters diversity, equity and inclusion, representing the communities we serve. When dealing with he
althcare on a global scale, diversity is an essential ingredient to success. We believe that inclusion is key to understanding people’s varied healthc
are needs. Together, we embrace individuality and share a passion for exceptional care. Join Roche, where every voice matters.     The Position In Roc
he’s  Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development organisation (pRED) , we make transformative medicines for patients in order to tackle some of the
 world’s toughest unmet healthcare needs. At pRED, we are united by our mission to transform science into medicines. Together, we create a culture def
ined by curiosity, responsibility and humility, where our talented people are empowered and inspired to bring forward extraordinary life-changing inno
vation at speed.    The Opportunity  The pRED Data & Analytics team at Roche is the bridge between digital technology and science. We help drive medic
al innovation and are integral to the realisation of truly Personalised Healthcare and the development of innovative treatments for our patients.  We 
are shaping the digitalisation of Pharma R&D at Roche, and we are growing. To realize our vision, we need innovative, dedicated people from a wide var
iety of backgrounds.  These responsibilities capture a portion of what your work will look like:   Co-create the sensor-based data collection, analysi
s and digital endpoint development strategies for clinical drug development programs and therapy areas, and drive the implementation from a sensor dat
a analytics perspective; this may include leading small analysis project delivery teams   Devise and implement science and methodology development str
ategies using established and novel sensor data processing and statistical methodologies accompanied by innovative machine learning and artificial int
elligence approaches   Collaborate with partners in clinical drug programs, with Roche-internal functions and external partners, and with a wide range
 of data scientists, researchers, clinicians and internal IT specialists   Provide guidance for others within your domain of expertise, explore novel 
data sets, and proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools      Who you are  You’re someone who wants to influence your 
own development. You are looking for a company where you receive the opportunity to pursue your interests across functions and geographies. Working in
 a multicultural environment motivates you. As a fast learner, you actively drive the quality of the requirements.   You hold a Ph.D. or equivalent de
gree in Life Sciences, Computer Science, Informatics, Statistics, or a related field, coupled with substantial experience in the pharmaceutical and di
gital health sectors.   With a wealth of professional experience, you're adept at delving into sensor data across diverse domains, like biomechanics, 
vital signs, audio and cognitive tests. Your proficiency in feature engineering, algorithm development, and statistical analysis ensures meticulous me
asurement validation and insightful longitudinal modeling.   Your expertise extends seamlessly into the application of these measures in drug developm
ent programs, where you navigate PhI-IV trials and various endpoint types, all while wielding a deep understanding of relevant disease areas e.g. neur
o-immunology, movement disorders, etc.   You have proven leadership and collaboration experience, complimented by your project management skills and r
esilience. Your ability to foster lasting partnerships with collaborators drives innovation in drug development.   You are curious and comfortable in 
a dynamic environment and embrace challenges to expand your expertise. Your proactive and creative approach enables you to drive initiatives and thoug
htfully navigate sophisticated issues, always keeping the needs of customers at the forefront.   Your outstanding presentation and communication skill
s in English are central and smoothly foster collaboration and unity across diverse teams.     If you enjoy working in cross-functional teams, applyin
g data analysis skills to develop creative solutions, and driving deliverables for clinical drug development, apply now!    Our commitment  Roche comm
its to recognising talent and aptitude. We prioritize encouraging and supporting our employees in their personal journeys by providing a safe, creativ
e space to help them reflect, make decisions and grow in their career. We are confident that we find the most innovative solutions by gaining differen
t perspectives, asking and answering hard questions, and challenging the status quo. Roche embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious yet e
nthusiastic way; we are devoted to building a team that represents a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the be
tter our work will be.     Who we are At Roche, more than 100,000 people across 100 countries are pushing back the frontiers of healthcare. Working to
gether, we’ve become one of the world’s leading research-focused healthcare groups. Our success is built on innovation, curiosity and diversity.   Bas
el is the headquarters of the Roche Group and one of its most important centres of pharmaceutical research. Over 10,700 employees from over 100 countr
ies come together at our Basel/Kaiseraugst site, which is one of Roche`s largest sites. Read more.   Besides extensive development and training opport
unities, we offer flexible working options, 18 weeks of maternity leave and 10 weeks of gender independent partnership leave. Our employees also benef
it from multiple services on site such as child-care facilities, medical services, restaurants and cafeterias, as well as various employee events.   W
e believe in the power of diversity and inclusion, and strive to identify and create opportunities that enable all people to bring their unique selves
 to Roche.           Roche is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KontaktF. Hoffmann-La Roche AG(17)139 Jobshttps://www.roche.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen J
ob melden


Research Assistant Data Analysis 40 - 60 %Universität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 Mai 2024Pensum:40 – 60%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:
BernResearch Assistant Data Analysis 40 - 60 %Department of DiabetesEndocrinology, Nutritional Medicine and Metabolism and the Diabetes Center BerneSt
art of employment: 01.07.2024Employment is fixed term for 6 months.The Sensing and Monitoring Lab (samlab) is embedded into the interdisciplinary envi
ronment of the University of Bern, Inselspital Bern, and the Diabetes Center Berne. By combining expertise from the fields of engineering, medicine, a
nd computer science, the samlab focuses on developing innovative sensing technologies that can enhance the management of diabetes.  Research Assistant
 Data Analysis    Tasks The successful candidate will be involved in developing algorithms for our Moonwalk project. The candidate will:  Support the 
team in data analysis of radar sensor data for tracking animal health Apply signal processing methods to time series data Develop and evaluate predict
ive models (e.g., random forests, neural networks) Implement methods for the explainability of the predictive models Clean and visualize data Install 
sensors in animal facilities     Requirements We are looking for enthusiastic candidates with excellent technical skills to join our research group. T
he following qualifications are required:  Currently enrolled in Bachelor or Master studies at the University of Bern Student in Computer Science, Mat
h, Biomedical Engineering, or in a related field Ability to be on-site in Bern Strong expertise in the development of algorithms Knowledge of Python i
ncluding relevant data science, neural network, and deep learning libraries Excellent problem-solving, critical thinking and communication skills Abil
ity to work independently and as part of a team Excellent English language skills     We offer   We provide excellent scientific expertise in a young 
and dynamic environment, and we offer support for a global scientific career with a focus on translational research. You will be hired at the Universi
ty of Bern as a part-time (approx. 40 - 60 %) research assistant (Hilfsassistent:in).     Application and contact For subject-specific questions and i
nformation about the position, please contact Prof. Lilian Witthauer, E-Mail schreiben.KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerb
enJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Full Stack Software Engineer with focus on AI and Big Data (m/f/d)Karakun AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 Juli 2020Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:BaselFull Stack Software Engineer with focus on AI and Big Data (m/f/d) What you can expect You are a vital part of our fast growing bu
siness units Intelligent Language Analytics & Enterprise Search and Measurement Data Management (MDM) You develop custom software for companies from d
ifferent industries with focus on AI, Big Data and Enterprise Search You support the further development of our self-developed HIBU Platform Your are 
part of an agile team consisting of highly motivated experts in the areas of computer linguistics, data science, software engineering as well as UX de
sign and devvelopement What we expect You have comprehensive know-how in artifical intelligence, machine learning and Big Data You are familiar with c
urrent technologies and tools like ElasticSearch, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, etc. You have very good knowledge of Java and Python as w
ell as web development You are able to communicate in German and English You like working in a team and have highly developed communication skills You
 have a university degree in computer science, software engineering, computer linguistics or one of the MINT subjects You are prepared to undertake bu
siness trips You possess a strong customer focus We offer Exciting projects in different domains A commensurate salary and a generous hardware and tra
ining budget A professional working environment in modern offices in the heart of Basel and direct connection to the SBB train station Your contact St
ephan Huber will be happy to answer your questions. Send your email to E-Mail schreiben or call him at +41 61 551 36 00.  Submit your CV How we handle
 your data Further information regarding the handling of your application can be found in our privacy policy and in our privacy statements for applica
nts. Do you want to make a difference with us? Then we look forward to your message!Apply for this job BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Technology Strategy Consultant (part-time possible, all genders) AccentureBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Deutsch (Fliessend), Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Zurich   Du willst die Welt von heute intelligenter, agiler und digit
aler gestalten? Du begeisterst dich für modernste Technologien, digitale Plattformen und neue datengetriebene Geschäftsmodelle - und willst dabei sein
, wenn wir unsere Kunden mit smarten, technologischen Lösungen zu Innovationsführern machen - und helfen echten Business Value für ihren Geschäftserfo
lg zu generieren?   Dann lebe deine Leidenschaft in einer Position bei Technology Strategy & Advisory, in der du die neusten und intelligentesten vern
etzten Technologien nutzt, um die digitale Revolution verschiedener Branchen zu realisieren. Du arbeitest eng mit Führungskräften digitaler Geschäfts-
 und IT-Bereiche zusammen und eröffnest unseren Kunden neue Mittel und Wege.      Das erwartet dich:   Als Strategy Consultant entwickelst du mit uns 
Strategien für eine smartere, digitale Zukunft und nutzt dein Fachwissen und deine innovativen Ideen, um potenzielle Kunden von einer Zusammenarbeit m
it uns zu überzeugen. Dabei arbeitest du eng mit Führungskräften und unseren interdisziplinären Teams an der Entwicklung eines agilen Operating Models
. Gemeinsam entwerft ihr Integrations-/Carve-out Strategien im Rahmen eines M&A Prozesses, analysiert mithilfe aktueller Benchmarks IT-Kostenoptimieru
ngspotentiale und gestaltet industriespezifische Cloud Strategien zur Entwicklung neuer Geschäftsmodelle. Auf Basis fundierter qualitativer und quanti
tativer Analysen erarbeitest du neue Lösungen, wobei du sachkundig und sorgfältig disruptive Trends (z.B. Blockchain, Artificial Intellegence, IoT) be
rücksichtigst. Mit dem entsprechenden Erfahrungshintergrund übernimmst du bei uns schnell Projekt- und Führungsverantwortung.     Darauf freuen wir un
s   Sehr guter IT-Universitätsabschluss auf Masterstufe (z. B. in Wirtschaftsinformatik), gerne mit Zusatzqualifikation (MBA/Promotion) Berufspraxis i
m strategischen IT-Management bzw. in einer strategischen Funktion innerhalb eines Industrie- oder Beratungsunternehmens, inklusive (Teil-)Projektleit
ung und fachlicher Teamleitung; profundes Know-How im Bereich IT-/Digital-Strategie, idealerweise mit Kenntnissen in einem oder mehreren der folgenden
 Themen: Agile Operating Model, Cloud-Technologien, Artificial Intelligence und Machine Learning, IT Security, Tech M&A Fliessendes Deutsch und Englis
ch in Wort und Schrift Sehr gute analytische und konzeptionelle Fähigkeiten, eloquenter mündlicher und schriftlicher Ausdruck, Kommunikationssicherhei
t und zwischenmenschliche Qualitäten     Deine Vorteile bei Accenture  Du als Mensch bist uns wichtig. Das wirst du täglich spüren und erleben. Denn u
nsere Arbeitswelt ist auf dich ausgerichtet und bietet dir die umfassenden Benefits eines großen, verantwortungsvollen Arbeitgebers. Dein zukünftiges 
Team schätzt vor allem  umfassende Trainingsangebote, Fort- und Weiterbildungsmöglichkeiten hilfreiche Begleitung und sorgfältige Einarbeitung durch e
rfahrene Mentor:innen und Projektleiter:innen tolle Events für Mitarbeitende interessante Aufstiegsmöglichkeiten unsere Arbeitskultur, die Diversität 
& Inklusion fördert     Dein Kontakt  Du hast Fragen? Dann wende dich an unser Recruiting Team per E-Mail an  E-Mail schreiben   oder telefonisch unte
r 00 800 450 450 45 .   Wir freuen uns auf deine Bewerbung. #LI-EU    KontaktAccenture(10)42 Jobshttps://www.accenture.ch/karriereBewerbenJob merkenDi
esen Job melden


Data Analytics Consultant (Zurich, Switzerland)D ONE Value Creation AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 Januar 2021Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellung
Arbeitsort:ZürichData Analytics Consultant (Zurich, Switzerland) «Making sense of data is the winning competence in all industries.» We build D ONE wi
th the belief that every company will be a data company. Since our beginnings, we help our clients to make sense of their data and generate value. In 
this role you will advise our clients during the conception, planning and implementation of data analytics projects. You will work with the project te
am to provide our clients the high quality and reliability we are known for. Your tasks will include: Requirement analysis and solution design. Data m
odelling; architecture design; data extraction and transformation. Data visualisation and reporting. Implementation of machine learning models. Presen
ting your results to middle and top management. What you bring: Domain knowledge in at least one industry. Down-to-earth and pragmatic results-oriente
d attitude while advising your clients. Experience in working with large data sets and databases. Knowledge in relevant technologies and programming l
anguages (e.g. SQL, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Tableau, Microsoft BI). Excellent communication skills in German and English. What we offer: An uncomplicat
ed and low noise environment that enables to focus on what matters most. An international team of talented people from diverse backgrounds that have a
mbitions, always enjoy an additional challenge, and know how to have fun at work. Further development opportunities through our D ONE Academy includin
g mentoring program, knowledge sharing sessions, expert and working groups, as well as tailor-made soft-skill and leadership training. Frequent offsit
e socialising events. To be successful in this role you will need to: Strive to understand your clients' needs. Deliver outstanding results with high 
business value in a comprehensible form. Have the intellectual agility required to get the job done in an easy-to-do-business-with way. Value clever a
nd creative team play. Are you interested in joining a great team with a proven track record and to work on projects that will constantly challenge yo
u? We are happy to receive your application with reference: D ONE Value Creation AGHans Peter GränicherSihlfeldstrasse 588003 Zürich BewerbenJob merke
nDiesen Job melden


Rodent 3R Platform Specialist ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:TemporärSprache:Englisch (F
liessend)Arbeitsort:Zürich  Rodent 3R Platform Specialist  We are looking for an experienced scientist to co-manage the operational side of the rodent
 3R-Hub affiliated with our lab, and lead our efforts to implement reduce-refine-replace (3R) principles. In this position you will further develop an
d refine existing behavior testing setups, design and build equipment for new behavior setups, and conduct experiments to optimize the behavior tests.
 You will be able to solve engineering and data integration problems at the interface between behavior testing and in vivo brain recordings. You will 
be responsible for updating our state-of-the-art behavior analysis pipelines based on the latest developments in artificial intelligence and machine l
earning. You will train and guide collaborators during experimental design and data analysis. The position is currently limited to two years, but part
 of your job will be to strategically support our effort to develop it into a permanent position through careful alignment of our 3R-efforts with ETH 
strategies.  Project background  The mission of the ETH Zurich 3R Hub is to drive measurable and positive change in scientific animal research by prom
oting the principles of Replace, Reduce, and Refine. The 3R Hub aims to consolidate ongoing 3R research efforts across ETH Zurich. Through collaborati
ve research, education, and the exploration of alternative methods, we strive to minimize the impact on animals in experimental settings, whilst maxim
izing the information gained from each animal used in research. The hub has recently been launched, and the demand for collaborations is already very 
high. Thus, we are looking for someone to join the current head of the 3R Hub as a co-leader, to manage ongoing projects and develop and implement a v
ision for how to exapand and permanently integrate the hub within the ETH ecosystem.  Job description  In this position you will be responsible for th
e successful operation of our 3R-Hub and ensure that it meets the changing needs of a dynamic research environment. As part of this job, you will...  
maintain and further develop existing state-of-the-art behavior analysis, including physical maintenance of equipment and design of new upgrades conti
nuously implement the latest analyses algorithms/approaches for animal tracking and data analysis, as well as benchmarking the performance of the new 
approaches establish new behavioral tasks and behavior setups aligned with the research directions of the research group. This includes designing, dra
wing and physically building new equipment and testing its functionality using studies with proper experimental design train new employees who use the
 animal testing platform, to maintain the high standard of behavior analysis in the group. Specifically, you will ensure that group members can operat
e and maintain behavior equipment, properly conduct behavioral experiments, and collect and correctly analyze the behavioral data stay up-to-date with
 developments in 3R research, write grants and design experiments to further 3R initiatives lead group or collaborator meetings related to behavior te
sting, present new capabilities developed by the 3R-Hub contribute to the writing and reviewing of scientific papers related to rodent behavior testin
g identify and connect with collaboration partners in the greater Zurich neuroscience communiy (Neuroscience Center Zurich)   Your profile  The job pr
ofile requires:  A degree in neuroscience and/or engineering (or related field) and a proven track record of desiging and building behavior testing eq
uipment (hands-on, practical skills) A PhD in neuroscience with proven publication track record ideally a few years of postdoc or equivalent position 
with leadership experience >5 years experience and in-depth knowledge in rodent behavioral neuroscience research A publication track record that demon
strates successful development and implementation of behavior analysis approaches A proven track record in grant writing and securing indepenent fundi
ng Fluency in English Up-to-date knowledge of latest technological developments in the field of behavior testing Proficiency in programming languages 
(Python is a requirement) Experience working with machine learning approaches Excellent interpersonal skills in order to coordinate and balance the ne
eds and requirements of group members in a dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment Creative/adaptive problem solving skills   We offer   A 
caring, supportive and modern work environment based on trust and respect A uniquely stimulating scientific environment with a cutting-edge research l
ab embedded in the greater Zurich Neuroscience Center (ZNZ) Flexible working hours (incl. the option for home office) that are compatible with a healt
hy work/life balance Opportunities for furthering education and continued learning The possibility to take responsibilty in guiding projects and mento
ring students Meaningful work with a long-term vision to advance our understanding of brain function    Working, teaching and research at ETH Zurich  
 We value diversity In line with  our values  , ETH Zurich encourages an inclusive culture. We promote equality of opportunity, value diversity and nu
rture a working and learning environment in which the rights and dignity of all our staff and students are respected. Visit our  Equal Opportunities a
nd Diversity website   to find out how we ensure a fair and open environment that allows everyone to grow and flourish. Curious? So are we.  We look f
orward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A short statement (max. 250 words) 
summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we exclusively accept applications su
bmitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our lab can
 be found on our lab's  website   and the 3R-Hub's  homepage  . Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Oliver Sturman, Write an em
ail (no applications). For recruitment services the  GTC of ETH Zurich   apply.  About ETH Zürich ETH Zurich is one of the world’s leading universitie
s specialising in science and technology. We are renowned for our excellent education, cutting-edge fundamental research and direct transfer of new kn
owledge into society. Over 30,000 people from more than 120 countries find our university to be a place that promotes independent thinking and an envi
ronment that inspires excellence. Located in the heart of Europe, yet forging connections all over the world, we work together to develop solutions fo
r the global challenges of today and tomorrow.  KontaktETH Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich(9)33 Jobshttps://www.ethz.chBewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


Trainee Actuary/Data ScientistZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeit
sort:ZürichTrainee Actuary/Data ScientistTrainee Actuary/Data Scientist Trainee Actuary/Data Scientist ¿Te interesaría trabajar en un ambiente estimul
ante y orientado a negocio? ¡Únete al equipo de Pricing & Analytics de Sabadell Zurich! Sabadell Zurich es una entidad que nace de la alianza entre Ba
nc Sabadell y Zurich para la distribución de seguros a través de los canales bancarios. Siendo la unión entre un prestigioso banco reconocido por su c
ontribución al desarrollo de las empresas y una compañía internacional experta en la protección y el cuidado de las personas, en Sabadell Zurich tenem
os dos orígenes distintos, pero un solo propósito: ESTAR PARA CUIDAR. ¿Quiénes somos? Sabadell Zurich es una joint venture que nace en 2008 como fruto
 del acuerdo empresarial entre Banc Sabadell y Zurich para la gestión del negocio de Bancaseguros. Está integrada por tres compañías distintas: BanSab
adell Vida, BanSabadell Pensiones y BanSabadell Seguros Generales; la propiedad de las cuales está compartida al 50% entre ambos socios. La plantilla 
de Sabadell Zurich está formada por alrededor de 300 personas, quienes, a nivel organizacional, se contabilizan como parte de la estructura de Grupo Z
urich en España. Tus Responsabilidades Como Trainee Actuary/Data Scientist, la persona seleccionada se responsabilizará, bajo supervisión, de desarrol
lar soluciones analíticas para obtener conocimientos de los datos y apoyar las decisiones estratégicas. Al mismo tiempo, formará parte de un equipo an
alítico de gran experiencia que, basándose en la analítica avanzada, asesorará a las áreas y procesos de negocio más importantes de la compañía. Para 
ello, sus principales funciones serán:  Transformar y depurar los datos para proporcionar asesoramiento y conocimientos técnicos sobre los modelos act
uariales y las cuestiones de riesgo. Desarrollar cuadros de mando analíticos para ayudar en el seguimiento del rendimiento del negocio. Iniciación en 
el desarrollo y la mejora de las herramientas de modelización predictiva de acuerdo con las mejores prácticas del mercado como Modelización de pricing
, Ingeniería inversa a partir de la información del mercado, Modelos de elasticidad para renovaciones y modelos de descuento. Técnicas de Machine Lear
ning como métodos supervisados y no supervisados. Pruebas y mantenimiento de modelos y herramientas actuales. Aprender desde el punto de vista del neg
ocio. Estar en contacto durante toda la vida de la póliza (producto, suscripción, renovación, siniestros, cancelación, fraude...) Apoyo en la Investig
ación de nuevos enfoques como web scrapping, análisis de textos, procesamientos de imágenes, etc.  Tus habilidades y experiencias Esperamos que la per
sona que se incorpore en el equipo reúna las siguientes habilidades y experiencias:  Formación universitaria relacionada con Física, Matemáticas, Esta
dística, Ingeniería o Ciencias Actuariales. Herramientas estadísticas y de programación como Python, R, SAS, SQL u otros lenguajes de programación est
adística. Inglés B2. Experiencia en el proceso de transformación, limpieza y calidad de datos. Adicionalmente, se valorará muy positivamente: Experien
cia en el sector de seguros, banca, farmacéutica, venta masiva, mercado on-line y otros sectores afines. Experiencia en entorno actuarial (Emblem, Rad
ar y GLM). Experiencia en herramientas de BI (PowerBI, Tableau, QlikView). Experiencia con Plataformas en la nube (Azure, AWS, Google). Capacidad anal
ítica y desarrollo de nuevos enfoques. Capacidad de síntesis e interpretación de resultados. Capacidad de aprendizaje, comunicación y trabajo en equip
o. Proactividad e implicación, autonomía y orientación a la mejora continua.  Información Imprescindible  Se requiere poder realizar un convenio de co
laboración con la Universidad y/o Escuela de Negocios de un mínimo de 6 meses con posibilidad de extensión. Jornada parcial de 9 h a 14 h. Agradecería
mos que antes de aplicar a esta vacante de prácticas, donde establecer un convenio de colaboración con la Universidad y/o Escuela de Negocios de un mí
nimo de 6 meses es imprescindible, dispusieras de la siguiente información al respecto: Confirmación de la posibilidad de llevar a cabo el convenio. D
uración del convenio (meses) teniendo en cuenta que la jornada es parcial, y posibilidad de extensión del mismo. Fecha de inicio del convenio. Modalid
ad: curriculares o extracurriculares. Contacto de la persona de referencia con la que gestionaremos el convenio.  Ventajas y descuentos por ser de Sab
adell Zurich Porque nuestro propósito es Estar para Cuidar sumamos más beneficios para ti:  A partir del primer mes de tu incorporación y según acorda
do con tu tutor, podrás trabajar tanto desde la oficina como desde casa. Disfruta de la gran variedad de espacios que ofrece nuestras oficinas enfocad
as a cubrir las necesidades y el bienestar personal. En Sabadell Zurich no tenemos problemas de aparcamiento, ya que disponemos de plazas de moto, bic
icleta y patinete eléctrico gratuitas en las oficinas. En Sabadell Zurich promovemos las actividades de voluntariado y ¡queremos animarte a participar
! Nos importa la inclusión laboral, por eso, trabajamos con varios centros especiales de trabajo que promueven la inclusión de diversidad funcional, p
or ejemplo, en nuestro servicio de fisioterapia, la limpieza de las oficinas, la fruta fresca, ecológica y de proximidad que disponemos en la oficina.
 ¿Quieres aprender y empezar a formarte en el mundo laboral? ¡Nuestro objetivo es el mismo! Te ofrecemos un aprendizaje continuo e involucración en el
 día a día de las actividades del equipo, además de acceso a LinkedIn Learning en el que encontrarás muchos cursos online que te pueden ser de utilida
d.  Nosotros ya nos hemos puesto en marcha y estamos cambiando la forma de hacer seguros. ¡Para ello necesitamos gente con talento, ganas de aprender 
y pasión! ¿Te unes a nosotros? “GRUPO ZURICH, 14 AÑOS CONSECUTIVOS COMO TOP EMPLOYER”  -------------------------------------------  Grupo Zurich tiene
 y aplica una política de igualdad de oportunidades de empleo. Nuestro objetivo es atraer y retener los mejores profesionales sin discriminar por disc
apacidad, raza, nacionalidad, religión, género, orientación sexual o edad.KontaktZürich Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AG / Zurich Insurance Company Ltd /
 Zurich Compagnie d'Assurances SA(6)178 Jobshttps://www.zurich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Rodent 3R Platform SpecialistETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichRodent 3R Platfor
m SpecialistRodent 3R Platform Specialist 80%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term We are looking for an experienced scientist to co-manage the operational side o
f the rodent 3R-Hub affiliated with our lab, and lead our efforts to implement reduce-refine-replace (3R) principles. In this position you will furthe
r develop and refine existing behavior testing setups, design and build equipment for new behavior setups, and conduct experiments to optimize the beh
avior tests. You will be able to solve engineering and data integration problems at the interface between behavior testing and in vivo brain recording
s. You will be responsible for updating our state-of-the-art behavior analysis pipelines based on the latest developments in artificial intelligence a
nd machine learning. You will train and guide collaborators during experimental design and data analysis. The position is currently limited to two yea
rs, but part of your job will be to strategically support our effort to develop it into a permanent position through careful alignment of our 3R-effor
ts with ETH strategies. Project background The mission of the ETH Zurich 3R Hub is to drive measurable and positive change in scientific animal resear
ch by promoting the principles of Replace, Reduce, and Refine. The 3R Hub aims to consolidate ongoing 3R research efforts across ETH Zurich. Through c
ollaborative research, education, and the exploration of alternative methods, we strive to minimize the impact on animals in experimental settings, wh
ilst maximizing the information gained from each animal used in research. The hub has recently been launched, and the demand for collaborations is alr
eady very high. Thus, we are looking for someone to join the current head of the 3R Hub as a co-leader, to manage ongoing projects and develop and imp
lement a vision for how to exapand and permanently integrate the hub within the ETH ecosystem. Job description In this position you will be responsibl
e for the successful operation of our 3R-Hub and ensure that it meets the changing needs of a dynamic research environment. As part of this job, you w
ill...  maintain and further develop existing state-of-the-art behavior analysis, including physical maintenance of equipment and design of new upgrad
es continuously implement the latest analyses algorithms/approaches for animal tracking and data analysis, as well as benchmarking the performance of 
the new approaches establish new behavioral tasks and behavior setups aligned with the research directions of the research group. This includes design
ing, drawing and physically building new equipment and testing its functionality using studies with proper experimental design train new employees who
 use the animal testing platform, to maintain the high standard of behavior analysis in the group. Specifically, you will ensure that group members ca
n operate and maintain behavior equipment, properly conduct behavioral experiments, and collect and correctly analyze the behavioral data stay up-to-d
ate with developments in 3R research, write grants and design experiments to further 3R initiatives lead group or collaborator meetings related to beh
avior testing, present new capabilities developed by the 3R-Hub contribute to the writing and reviewing of scientific papers related to rodent behavio
r testing identify and connect with collaboration partners in the greater Zurich neuroscience communiy (Neuroscience Center Zurich)  Your profile The 
job profile requires:  A degree in neuroscience and/or engineering (or related field) and a proven track record of desiging and building behavior test
ing equipment (hands-on, practical skills) A PhD in neuroscience with proven publication track record ideally a few years of postdoc or equivalent pos
ition with leadership experience >5 years experience and in-depth knowledge in rodent behavioral neuroscience research A publication track record that
 demonstrates successful development and implementation of behavior analysis approaches A proven track record in grant writing and securing indepenent
 funding Fluency in English Up-to-date knowledge of latest technological developments in the field of behavior testing Proficiency in programming lang
uages (Python is a requirement) Experience working with machine learning approaches Excellent interpersonal skills in order to coordinate and balance 
the needs and requirements of group members in a dynamic and interdisciplinary research environment Creative/adaptive problem solving skills  Your wor
kplace Your workplace We offer  A caring, supportive and modern work environment based on trust and respect A uniquely stimulating scientific environm
ent with a cutting-edge research lab embedded in the greater Zurich Neuroscience Center (ZNZ) Flexible working hours (incl. the option for home office
) that are compatible with a healthy work/life balance Opportunities for furthering education and continued learning The possibility to take responsib
ilty in guiding projects and mentoring students Meaningful work with a long-term vision to advance our understanding of brain function  We value diver
sity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A
 short statement (max. 250 words) summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we 
exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Fur
ther information about our lab can be found on our lab's website and the 3R-Hub's homepage. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr.
 Oliver Sturman, E-Mail schreiben (no applications). For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We loo
k forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Curriculum Vitae incl. Publication List A short statement (max. 250 word
s) summarizing your work experience and why you think you are the ideal candiate for the position  Please note that we exclusively accept applications
 submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our lab 
can be found on our lab's website and the 3R-Hub's homepage. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Oliver Sturman, E-Mail schreib
en (no applications). For recruitment services the GTC of ETH Zurich apply.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job m
elden


Postdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for ArchitectureETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPostdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circular Engineering for ArchitecturePostdoctoral Position at the Chair of Circul
ar Engineering for Architecture 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) is seeking a highly motivated and qu
alified postdoctoral candidate in the field of digital technologies for circular economy in the construction sector. The successful candidate will joi
n a dynamic research team working on innovative approaches to enhance circular construction practices. This position offers a unique opportunity to co
ntribute to the development of tools and strategies that promote circular management of building components and projects, enabling a more sustainable 
and regenerative built environment. Project background The postdoctoral position is focused on leveraging digitalization for circular strategies in co
nstruction. The selected candidate will be involved in developing and testing tools related to topics such as reality capture, quality assessment, 3D 
modelling, computer vision and computational design in the built environment, operating at the intersection of construction informatics, engineering, 
and logistical aspects. Job description  Development of theoretical concepts for tools leveraging digital technologies for circular construction, faci
litating circular processes along the value chain (identification and categorization of reusable materials, design with reused elements, etc.) in the 
construction sector Exploration of implementation possibilities for automated workflows and digital technologies in new and existing construction proj
ects Use immersive technologies to enhance construction processes and training Active participation in research activities, including publishing scien
tific papers and presenting findings at conferences and workshops Supervision of Master, and/or Bachelor students, as well as teaching  Your profile  
PhD in architecture, civil engineering with strong IT skills, or computer science with knowledge of the built environment, or related fields Strong re
search skills with an understanding of circular economy practices in the construction industry Proven track record of research in construction or rela
ted fields Knowledge and experience in data analysis and database management, as well as emerging technologies applied to the construction sector, suc
h as BIM, scanning, machine learning, generative AI, computer vision Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and pr
ioritize effectively, while also fostering interdisciplinary collaboration Strong communication and writing skills in English, enabling effective coll
aboration and the preparation of scientific publications and reports Fluency in spoken and written English is a requirement. Ability to work with indu
stry partners in German is a plus Ability to work in a team and together with industry partners Take initiative, be results-oriented, organized, and c
reative  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Joining our research team offers a stimulating and collaborative environment, with a competitive salar
y and opportunities for professional growth and interaction with international experts in the field of circular construction and computer science. The
 position is full-time (100%) and is offered on a fixed-term basis. The initial contract duration is 1 year, with a possibility of extension based on 
funding availability and performance evaluation. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Applications are only accepted through the online portal and s
hould contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name) by 31.05.2024. Only PDF format will be a
ccepted. Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be consid
ered:  1 page motivation letter (max 1 page) (LastName_Cover.pdf) 1 page CV (LastName_CV.pdf) 1 page research statement (excluding bibliography) (Last
Name_Research.pdf) A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video (please upload a PDF with the link written in full) (LastName_Video.pdf) Name, phone nu
mber, and email address of three referees (LastName_Referees.pdf)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online ap
plication portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schrei
ben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Manageme
nt (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mai
l schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Applications are only accepted through the online portal
 and should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name) by 31.05.2024. Only PDF format wil
l be accepted. Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be 
considered:  1 page motivation letter (max 1 page) (LastName_Cover.pdf) 1 page CV (LastName_CV.pdf) 1 page research statement (excluding bibliography)
 (LastName_Research.pdf) A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video (please upload a PDF with the link written in full) (LastName_Video.pdf) Name, ph
one number, and email address of three referees (LastName_Referees.pdf)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our onl
ine application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail 
schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Ma
nagement (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to
 E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Internship / Master Thesis : Digital Twin Security Framework for Smart citiesElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:13 April 2024Pensum:
100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneInternship / Master Thesis : Digital Twin Security Framework for Smart cities About ELCA We are ELCA, one
 of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius.
 Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants provide tailor-made and standardized solutions t
o support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland. Our activity spans across multiples fields 
of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSecurity.    his internship is part of the 4-ye
ar-long Blue City project from Innosuisse. The Blue City Project is a transdisciplinary consortium aiming to map a city’s multi-layered, interconnecte
d network of flows (traffic, waste, energy, …) and create a responsive Urban Digital Twin for the digitally transformed, post-pandemic world.  A Digit
al Twin (DT) is a digital representation of a real-world entity or system. It reflects a single physical object, process, organisation, person, or oth
er abstraction. DT enables true two-way communication between the physical and the digital world. Combined with Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learn
ing technology, a Digital twin platform will assist evidence-based, collective decisions to improve urban well-being, sustainability, resilience, and 
maximize ecological value. In the context of this internship, we aim at implementing a prototype of secure data sharing between digital twins. We will
 use real case data models from Blue City actors. It implies the following activities:  Take over the security framework from past internships  Analyz
e cross-organization use cases with our partner ecosystem Implement the prototype for selected use cases Extend and adapt the security framework based
 on learnings.       A dynamic work and collaborative environment with a highly motivated multi-cultural and multiples international sites team Person
al development through training and coaching A flat hierarchy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines The chance to make a difference in
 peoples’ life by building innovative solutions High innovation and research backed up by collaboration with universities like EPFL Various internal c
oding events (Hackathon, Brownbags), see our technical blog  Monthly After-Works organized per locations Good life balance (41 working hours per week 
and possibility to work 2 days per week from home.       Software development: Python Interest for semantic interoperability and data models Interest 
for security: Zero-Trust, service mesh security (istio, kuma, …) Interest for distributed systems, cloud (Azure, AWS) and devops technologies (Docker,
 Kubernetes, K3s) KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Commodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global MacroMCP (Switzerland) SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:
FestanstellungArbeitsort:Baar, ZugCommodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global MacroCommodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global M
acro Commodities Quantitative Researcher, Systematic Global Macro Please direct all resume submissions to  E-Mail schreiben and reference REQ-18098   
   in the subject. Millennium is a top tier global hedge fund with a strong commitment to leveraging market innovations in technology and data to deli
ver high-quality returns. A small, collaborative, and entrepreneurial systematic investment team is seeking a strong commodities quantitative research
er to join in developing new signals and strategies. This opportunity provides a dynamic and fast-paced environment with excellent opportunities for c
areer growth. Job Description Quantitative Researcher as part of a small, collaborative systematic global macro team with a focus on applying cutting 
edge techniques to strategies across the commodities, fixed income, and FX space. Location Flexible, with slight preference for Switzerland Principal 
Responsibilities Identify and onboard new global markets and datasets Analyze and manipulate large and diverse data sets for idea generation and alpha
 research with a focus on the commodities space Research and develop signals, leveraging a variety of market and fundamental datasets, to be deployed 
in systematic trading strategies Collaborate with the Senior Portfolio Manager and team in a transparent environment, engaging with the whole investme
nt process from idea generation through execution with a focus on the Global Commodities space Preferred Technical Skills Strongly skilled in Python E
xperience programming in C is a plus Bachelor, Master’s, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related ST
EM field Excellent communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills Preferred Experience 2-4 years of experience working in a quantitative resear
ch capacity with a focus on Ags, Energy, Metals, Fixed Income, FX, or Equity Index strategies Experience working with large and diverse data sets, spe
cifically data sets associated with the commodity markets Commodities market experience modeling futures curves and/or cross-market relationships High
ly Valued Relevant Experience Experience in quantitative, econometrics, asset pricing, or macro sub-fields Experience with machine learning, statistic
al techniques and related libraries Millennium pays a total compensation package which includes a base salary, discretionary performance bonus, and a 
comprehensive benefits package. The estimated base salary range for this position is $100,000 to $200,000, which is specific to New York and may chang
e in the future. When finalizing an offer, we take into consideration an individual’s experience level and the qualifications they bring to the role t
o formulate a competitive total compensation package. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Computer Science for Circular ConstructionETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:28 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:ZürichPhD position in Computer Science for Circular ConstructionPhD position in Computer Science for Circular Construction 100%, Zurich, fixed-
term The Chair of Circular Engineering for Architecture (CEA) is seeking a highly motivated and qualified PhD candidate in the field of digital techno
logies for circular economy in the construction sector. You will join a dynamic research team working on innovative approaches to enhance circular con
struction practices. This position offers a unique opportunity to contribute to the development of tools and strategies that promote circular manageme
nt of building components and projects, enabling a more sustainable and regenerative built environment. Job description The selected candidate will be
 involved in developing a new service for circular information management for construction elements and reality capture in existing buildings using co
mputer vision and machine learning. It operates at the intersection of computer science, civil engineering, and architecture. Your responsibilities wi
ll include the development of both theoretical concepts and practical tools for the construction sector. Additionally, you are responsible for the dev
elopment of theoretical concepts, automated workflows and algorithms, together with industry and research consortium partners in Switzerland. The expl
oration of implementation possibilities, validation and testing of proposed and developed solutions in pilot projects are also part of your expertise.
 As well as the engagement and collaboration with stakeholders such as construction companies, standardization bodies, consultants, and other industry
 partners to promote the adoption of the developed tools. Furthermore, the active participation in research activities, including publishing scientifi
c papers and presenting findings at conferences and workshops, and the supervision of Master, and/or Bachelor students are your responsibility. Your p
rofile  Bachelor in computer science, electrical engineering or related fields, and Master in computer science, architecture, engineering (civil, envi
ronmental), or life cycle assessment with strong IT skills Strong research skills with an understanding of circular economy practices Knowledge and ex
perience in data analysis and database management, optimization, platforms and marketplace development, computer vision and machine learning Excellent
 organizational skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize effectively, while also fostering interdisciplinary collaboration Str
ong communication and writing skills in English, enabling effective collaboration and the preparation of scientific publications and reports Fluency i
n spoken and written English is a requirement. The ability to work with industry partners in German is a plus Ability to work in a team and together w
ith industry partners Take initiative, be results-oriented, organized, and creative  Your workplace Your workplace We offer Joining our research teams
 offers a stimulating and collaborative environment, with a competitive salary and opportunities for professional growth and interaction with internat
ional experts in the field of circular construction, computer science and ecological systems. The position is full-time (100%) and is offered on a fix
ed-term basis. The initial contract duration is 1.5 years, with a possibility of a 3.5-year extension based on performance evaluation. We value divers
ity Curious? So are we. Your application should contain the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name
). The application process is now open and will last until 15.05.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter
 (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A short position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography
) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Nam
e, phone number, and email address of two referees in PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video explaining how you would address research on dig
ital technologies for circular construction (please upload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in th
e rejection of your application. Any application that is not complete will not be considered. Please note that we exclusively accept applications subm
itted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us
 via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). More information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Constructio
n & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that
 are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the position will not be answered. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Your application should conta
in the following documents (make sure your last name is on all the documents and in the file name). The application process is now open and will last 
until 15.05.2024 or until the position is filled. Only PDF format will be accepted.  Cover letter (max 1 page) CV including a list of publications A s
hort position paper to show how you will address the topic (max 800 words, excluding bibliography) in PDF format Academic transcripts/list of courses 
completed or ongoing, including grades and ranking in PDF format (please upload a single PDF) Name, phone number, and email address of two referees in
 PDF A vimeo or youtube link to a 2-minute video explaining how you would address research on digital technologies for circular construction (please u
pload a PDF with the link written in full)  Anything submitted in other formats will result in the rejection of your application. Any application that
 is not complete will not be considered. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applicat
ions via email or postal services will not be considered. For further questions please contact us via email at E-Mail schreiben (no applications). Mor
e information about the Circular Engineering for Architecture Lab in the Institute of Construction & Infrastructure Management (IBI) within the Depart
ment of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering (D-BAUG) is on our website. Any emails that are not addressed to E-Mail schreiben regarding the 
position will not be answered.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Careers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:12 Januar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züri
chCareers at IBM Research Europe, ZurichAbout cookies on this site Our websites require some cookies to function properly (required). In addition, oth
er cookies may be used with your consent to analyze site usage, improve the user experience and for advertising. For more information, please review y
our options. By visiting our website, you agree to our processing of information as described in IBM’sprivacy statement. To provide a smooth navigatio
n, your cookie preferences will be shared across the IBM web domains listed here. Master's thesis Designing Large-Scale Satellite-Agnostic Geospatial 
Foundation Models In this project, you will develop and evaluate novel ways to build satellite-agnostic geospatial foundation models that are capable 
of processing multi-resolution data from diverse sensors during pretraining and finetuning in a computationally efficient way. The project is executed
 together with the Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing Group at ETH Zurich and requires an affiliation with ETH. The project provides access to IBM HPC 
infrastructure. Significant progress in the development of highly adaptable and reusable artificial intelligence (AI) models is expected to have a maj
or impact on earth science and remote sensing. Foundation models are pre-trained on large unlabeled datasets via self-supervision and subsequently fin
e-tuned with small, labeled datasets for various downstream tasks. The abundance of unlabeled data from multiple satellites makes remote sensing an id
eal domain for pre-training large-scale foundation models. However, recent foundation models for geospatial analysis and remote sensing applications e
xploit only a fraction of the available bands, typically from a single satellite or at constant resolutions. Consequently, the scientific community is
 increasingly interested in developing approaches to build interoperable (i.e., satellite-agnostic) models for Earth observation and remote sensing th
at efficiently exploit multi-sensor, multi-resolution data. Goal This project aims to explore transformer models to result in interoperable, multi-res
olution geospatial foundation models that encode information from various bands. This is an essential step in further enhancing AI models for remote s
ensing to unlock diverse environmental applications. Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in computer science, deep learning or a related technical field
, including equivalent practical experience Python, PyTorch, Linux, GitHub/Lab Problem-solving mindset: ability to explore technical literature, cross
-referencing relevant information, synthesis of novel ML architectures Ways to stand out: hands-on experience with HPC systems and job scheduling, pri
or encounters with large-scale transformer architectures, especially with positional encodings, etc.  Diversity IBM is committed to diversity at the w
orkplace. With us you will find an open, multicultural environment. Excellent flexible working arrangements enable all genders to strike the desired b
alance between their professional development and their personal lives. How to apply If you are interested in this exciting position, please submit yo
ur application through the link below.KontaktIBM Research GmbHBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN - SUPSIScuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08
 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lugano2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN - SUPSI2020_DTI / Collaboratore scientifico ISIN 
Scadenza: 23 maggio 2024 La Scuola Universitaria Professionale della Svizzera Italiana (SUPSI) mette a concorso due posizioni come Collaboratrice scie
ntifica / Collaboratore scientifico in ingegneria informatica e data enineering presso l’Istituto Sistemi Informativi e Networking (ISIN) del Dipartim
ento Tecnologie Innovative (DTI) con sede a Lugano. Grado di occupazione del 100%. Entrata in servizio 1° ottobre 2024 o data da convenire. Ambito e s
copo della posizioneLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed sit amet ipsum odio. Donec at libero a metus rhoncus scelerisque. Nun
c quis tristique elit. Nullam auctor vel risus vehicula pulvinar. Sed pellentesque felis neque, maximus sodales ipsum placerat sed. Proin dignissim or
ci in cursus rhoncus. Nunc egestas libero purus, accumsan consectetur orci consequat vel. Pellentesque eu pellentesque dolor. Responsabilità e attivit
à  Contribuire alla realizzazione di progetti di ricerca applicata negli ambiti dell’Information & Communication Technology (ICT) e del Data Engineeri
ng, in collaborazione con aziende del territorio. Contribuire attivamente allo sviluppo dell’Istituto.  RequisitiEssenziali  Master in ingegneria info
rmatica o titolo equivalente. Competenze nell’ambito del software engineering e nell’applicazione delle metodologie di sviluppo software. Competenze n
ell’ambito del data engineering e della data science. Conoscenze dei principali linguaggi, frameworks e tools di sviluppo software, con particolare ap
penzione alle soluzioni per Machine e Deep Learning applicati. Ottima conoscenza della lingua inglese, parlata e scritta. Buone capacità relazionali, 
buone capacità organizzative e propensione al problem solving. Buona capacità di lavorare in gruppi di lavoro etereogenei coniugate alla capacità di g
estire le problematiche in modo autonomo. Competenze nell’ambito della computer vision e dell’audio-video processing. Competenze nell’ambito del cloud
 computing e dei sistemi distribuiti. Competenze nello sviluppo di applicazioni di realtà virtuale, realtà aumentata e realtà mista. Esperienze di tea
m management. Buona conoscenza dell'italiano scritto e parlato. Conoscenza di una seconda lingua nazionale. Conoscenza del contesto industriale svizze
ro.  Offriamo  Possibilità di partecipare a progetti di ricerca e a conferenze internazionali. Ambiente di lavoro giovane, dinamico, in continua evolu
zione, composto da un team motivato e in crescita. Salario in linea con gli standard svizzeri e l’esperienza del candidato. Un contratto a tempo deter
minato (3 anni).  Informazioni per la candidaturaI requisiti per questa funzione sono pubblicati nelle “Direttive interne SUPSI” e nel “Regolamento de
l personale SUPSI” disponibili nella pagina “Documenti ufficiali”. Informazioni supplementari possono essere richieste a: Tiziano Leidi Documenti da a
llegare alla candidatura:  Lettera di motivazione Curriculum vitae Diplomi e certificati di studio, inclusi i voti Elenco di indirizzi e-Mail di tre r
eferenze Copia del documento di identità Estratto casellario giudiziale con validità sei mesi.  Non sono accettate candidature incomplete, inviate ad 
altri indirizzi o oltre il termine stabilito.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Strategic Procurement ManagerDaedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichStrategic Pro
curement Manager Daedalean is a Zürich-based startup founded in 2016 by experienced engineers who want to completely revolutionize air travel within t
he next decade. The company has 100+ people and we combine computer vision, deep learning, and robotics to develop full “level-5” autonomy for flying 
vehicles, both existing aircraft and the electric VTOLs that you may have seen in the media.        Your Role:  You will actively contribute to the fo
rmulation, execution and evolution of procurement strategies related to locating, evaluating, contracting and maintaining the best sources of supply f
or the materials and services required by the Development teams while considering all aspects such as quality, value, performance, cost and the abilit
y to respond quickly to changing supply requirements, incl. licensing and logistics services. You will take the ownership, responsibility and accounta
bility for supplier and vendor selection and development. \n     Your Tasks:  Establish and implement procurement strategy of aircraft system componen
ts, services and contract negotiations Negotiate, create and manage terms and conditions for contracts with chosen suppliers. Driving an active and su
ccessful supplier management process Conducting price negotiations, cost monitoring and cost reductions Maintaining continuous and timely procurement 
related data, documenting and archiving procurement data according to internal processes Handling Supplier Change Requests (SCR), managing obsolescenc
e and Problem Reports (PR) processes Collaborating with internal departments as well as suppliers strategically Ensure setting up of tools and process
es to achieve the above Establish, implement and maintain inventory management system Collaborate with relevant stakeholders to monitor and manage sup
plier performance against agreed-upon metrics. Leading one employee in the procurement department     Preferred Qualifications and Experience:  You ar
e smart and get stuff done. Have a degree in purchasing, supply chain management, business administration, Engineering or another related field. At le
ast 10 years professional experience in aerospace procurement in a global environment. Experience in maintaining, developing, and implementing procure
ment processes and strategies as well as contract management. A proven track record in leadership or motivated to gain their first leadership experien
ce Experience in quality management, ideally in EN 9100 or Part 21G/J is highly desired. Your confident and communicative nature, coupled with a high 
level of service awareness, makes it easy for you to deal with customers and suppliers. You will be able to work independently and in a structured man
ner, contributing to a solution-oriented and successful team. Full working proficiency in English, German and further languages are an advantage     B
enefits:  A team of experienced engineers and researchers, who joined us from most recognized companies and institutions. Difficult and interesting pr
oblems to solve.  Test flights in the Swiss Alps for you to join. Stock options. Pilot license subsidy. Hybrid work setting (2 days WFH per week). Lea
rning & Development budget: visit conferences of your choice. Gym membership.    \n KontaktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedalean.ai/BewerbenJob m
erkenDiesen Job melden


CI/CD Engineer & ConsultantDigital Architects Zurich GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 Juli 2022Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züri
chCI/CD Engineer & ConsultantZurich, Basel, Berne / 80-100%Apply Now Digital Architects Zurich Fulltime Position We are looking for expert consultants
 who work with clients to design, communicate and build technologically advanced solutions. Job Description We are looking for CI/CD Engineers & Consu
ltants who are comfortable in both cloud and on-premise environments, have experience as Software and DevOps Engineer, and find the following exciting
: Working with customers in projects that you can help shape from start to finish Varied field of activity as a specialist with responsibility for con
sulting, design and development of Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) for critical applications Developing solutions using the lates
t CI/CD technology (open source or commercial software) as well as automation, continuous verification with machine learning and monitoring/observabil
ity, in the cloud and on-premises Collaboration and support of application developers and teams for the efficient adoption and use of CI/CD Independen
t work, also part-time (80-100%) Education, training and opportunities to contribute Joining a helpful and collegial environment Your Career As part o
f the Digital Architects Zurich team, you will develop innovative and state-of-the-art solutions for cloud-native environments and implement these sol
utions for customers in projects. Your Skills A development and engineering spirit and the ability to apply knowledge from different areas to solve th
e complex problems of reliable large-scale application operation Enjoying technical nuts and bolts and customer contact Experience with CI and/or CD a
nd related technologies: Jenkins, Harness, Gitlab, ArgoCD, Tekton, Terraform, ... Knowledge of software engineering (Java, JavaScript) and scripting (
Shell, Python) Experience with Linux and Docker/Kubernetes as a user, administrator or engineer At best, experience with Agile, DevOps, Site Reliabili
ty Engineering or in a similar environment – what you don’t have, we’ll teach you! Good German and English language skills Flexibility for assignments
 at different customers in Zurich, Bern or Basel Team spirit, initiative, responsibility, creative and analytical thinking We require that you already
 hold a residence and work permit for Switzerland I'm Interested Perks of the Job Work-life Balance Annual working hours (42h/week), overtime compensa
tion, 5 weeks’ holiday and part-time offers – because work-life balance is important to us 1st Class Travel Card First class travel card for trains an
d buses in Switzerland (SBB GA). For private and work use. Monthly Outings We meet up regularly for exchange, training and beer (or whatever you prefe
r). Share your knowledge, learn new things and have fun. Competitive Salary Salary in line with the market and a company profit sharing model. Phone S
ubscription Mobile phone subscription, all inclusive for Europe. Company Trips Weekends and trips with the team, be it hiking, skiing or other activit
ies. Most importantly: everyone has fun. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Full Stack Software EngineerOne Drop Diagnostics SàrlBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:31 August 2018Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Neuchâ
telFull Stack Software EngineerWe are seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer to develop software for our portable medical diagnostics system. The cand
idate will join a multi-disciplinary team dedicated to developing high-quality products. The ideal candidate is a team player, likes overcoming diffic
ult challenges, enjoys learning new skills, and has a “hands-on” problem solving approach. This is an outstanding opportunity for a self-motivated ind
ividual to make a key contribution and increase their responsibilities in a high-growth start-up environment. You will build software used by medical 
professionals and patients. Our platform is based on a modern stack, including Node.js, Vue.js, GraphQL. As a team, we embrace collaboration and indep
endent responsibility: you’ll be supported in your work, and you’ll have the freedom to make your own decisions. This role is for someone who wants to
 apply their computer science knowledge to have a meaningful impact on personalised medicine and life sciences. We are looking for someone to grow wit
h the organization as a core member of the team. Job responsibilities: As part of the 1DROP team, the candidate will develop software for a distribute
d portable medical diagnostics system:• Provide architecture and design for the overall application according to the requirements• Inspire our users w
ith a beautiful and intuitive UI/UX design• Develop new features and functionality in collaboration with team members• Maintain best practices relatin
g to design, implementation, documentation, testing, and deployment. Ensure an easy-to-read and robust code base and good test coverage.• Monitor and 
optimize code performance• Provide integration with external services• Provide technical leadership• Assess current development processes and recommen
d changes as needed Our ideal candidate: • Minimum 2 years’ experience working in a team with a modern web stack (Node.js, Django, Rails, React, etc.)
 building high-performance web applications• Proficient in modern JavaScript (especially promises), Python, Ruby/Ruby on Rails• Passion for front-end 
engineering and design• Desire to push our stack forward. Currently, we use Angular, Redux, and React, GraphQL on the front end, Node.js, Postgres and
 Rabbitmq on the back end• Deep knowledge of the building blocks of the web: HTTP, headers, cookies, caching• Knowledge and experience using dev ops (
continuous integration: Maven, Jenkins, Git)• Open, objective, opinionated. Having technology preferences but happy to use frameworks and tools that g
et the job done efficiently and with scale in mind Nice to have skills and experience:  • Interest in personalised medicine, biology, laboratory scien
ce• Experience with machine learning and image processing• Passion for making in your spare time: electronics, robots, art, bikes, cars, anything!• Ex
perience with Android or iOS development• Experience working with a quality system in a regulated industry BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Hedge fund analyst with quantitative background_GenevaBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:GenfHedge fund analyst with quantitative background_Geneva Your team Pictet Asset Management (Pictet AM) manages the assets of some of t
he world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries, and their clients. Within Pictet AM, our Total Return business is a leading European hedge 
Fund manager with a global presence and a wide range of strategies, ranging from directional to market neutral, as well as a multi-manager fund with a
 19-year track record. We are looking for a hedge fund analyst to work within our Total Return Equities team and help us continue to build and strengt
hen our processes through deep analyses across a wide variety of subject matter, including capital allocation decisions, risk management, working dire
ctly with some of the investment teams to help enhance their investment processes and decision making, and the use of alternative data. You will work 
in the Equity Total Return team and support the wider Total Return business with data management and insightful analyses. The successful candidate wil
l join a dynamic environment and be based in Geneva (preferred) or London. Your role Providing the investment committees of our multi-manager funds wi
th the transparency and insights needed to allocate capital to the various managers. Maintaining and further automating our data acquisition and proce
ssing infrastructure. Leading research aimed at improving the risk-adjusted performance of the multi-manager funds focusing on portfolio construction 
and tail-risk management; assessing, for this purpose, the usefulness of various data sources (macro data, hedge fund positioning and flows, crowding 
indicators, fundamental factor performance, alternative data, etc.) and several commercial risk models. Being willing to develop an in-depth understan
ding of many hedge fund strategies across asset classes, studying their diversification potential and helping with the quantitative assessment of cand
idate strategies. Working closely with our hedge fund managers to develop processes and tools aimed at enhancing risk awareness and improving investme
nt decision-making with the help of statistical and various types models. Collaborating with other quantitative analysts and data scientists at Pictet
 AM to identify useful patterns and signals from alternative data sources to enhance our investment processes. Building strong relationships with the 
Investment Risk, Investment Technology, and Reporting teams to enhance performance attribution, stress testing and the automation of reporting tasks. 
Your profile 3-5 years experience at a multi-manager hedge fund or possessing a strong and in-depth understanding of various hedge fund strategies (fu
ndamental, systematic, macro, and/or event driven). Quantitative background (university degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, 
engineering, or quantitative finance). Expert level in Python and the standard data science packages (e.g., pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, SciPy, etc.) 
and comfortable with relational database programming (SQL). Previous experience with Snowflake, AWS, data visualisation tools and languages (Tableau),
 and machine learning would be a plus. Familiarity with fundamental factor risk models (Axioma, Bloomberg MAC2 & MAC3, Barra) would be a plus. Strong 
communication skills: ability to communicate results to a non-technical audience. Good command of English; French would be a plus. Note We will not ac
cept any CVs via agencies. REF: HFAQ/CM/FC Diversity & Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse enviro
nment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclusion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positions on Climate Change Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100%EAWAG Dübendorf, Eidg. Anstalt für Wasser-, Abwasserreinigung & Ge
wässerschutzBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 April 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Dübendorf4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positi
ons on Climate Change Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100%Eawag, the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology, is an internationally networke
d aquatic research institute within the ETH Domain (Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology).  4 Tenure Track Group Leader Positions on Climate Change 
Adaptation (m/f/d) 80 – 100% We are recruiting for     Water is at the center of the climate crisis. Climate change leads to strong and rapid changes 
in the aquatic system, negatively affecting our environment, infrastructure, and health. Sustainable strategies for adapting to the deleterious impact
s of climate change are currently lacking. These impacts interact with one another, underscoring the need to address them collectively. Moreover, a gl
obal perspective on climate change adaptation is essential for realizing benefits at scale.  With this cluster hire, we significantly enhance our capa
city for research and impact on adaptation to climate change in aquatic systems. We welcome applications relevant to three identified priority topics.
 We also encourage applications from researchers whose work is relevant for climate change adaptation in aquatic systems but falls outside of these th
ree topics. We see opportunities for researchers from different disciplines spanning from natural to engineering and social sciences.    Topic 1: Biod
iversity    You are a researcher who works on biodiversity in the context of climate change adaptation. Aquatic systems, renowned for their rich biodi
versity, are vulnerable to the effects of climate change. They are experiencing rapid changes due to rising temperatures, shifting precipitation patte
rns, and – at higher altitudes – melting glaciers. At the same time, climate change can lead to changes in water quality, exposing organisms to combin
ations of chemical or microbial pollution and physical stressors that contribute to biodiversity decline. Given its unique geographical and environmen
tal characteristics, Switzerland offers opportunities for addressing challenges posed by climate change and biodiversity loss in mountainous regions, 
rivers and lakes.      Apply      Topic 2: Public health    You are a researcher working at the interface of climate change adaptation, water resource
s, and human health. Climate change significantly affects our water resources, which are central to human health. One important example is regions of 
the Global South where vulnerable populations are disproportionately impacted and often face heightened risks of chemically polluted water, malnutriti
on, and waterborne diseases. Extreme weather events exacerbate health disparities, requiring climate-resilient solutions for safe drinking water, sani
tation and hygiene, and engineering solutions for resilient infrastructure. The development of effective strategies to mitigate and adapt to climate c
hange, including engaging in international cooperation and support, are crucial for empowering communities and strengthening public health systems glo
bally.     Apply       Topic 3: Water resources and reuse    You are a researcher who works towards developing and improving circular economy approach
es in the water sector in urban and non-urban settings. Sustainable water resource management, the prevention of chemical and microbial pollution, and
 environmental restoration are key strategies for ensuring good water quality and sufficient water quantity, and working towards adaptation to climate
 change. This includes both technical and nature-based solutions for surface and groundwater. Reusing water and reclaiming other resources associated 
with the water cycle are needed to advance circular economy concepts. This is valid for urban, non-urban and agricultural areas, which all play a vita
l role in sustainable development and resource management.      Apply       Topic 4: Other aspects of climate change adaption in aquatic systems   We 
also encourage you to apply if your research focus falls outside the specified profiles but is relevant for climate change adaptation in aquatic syste
ms.      Apply    Across all profiles, we are interested in research efforts incorporating inter- and transdisciplinary approaches including those tha
t benefit from, or synergize with, the diverse and impactful ongoing research of the institute. In addition, we are interested in the application of e
merging technologies and methods such as machine learning.      You bring the following qualifications and motivations:   You have a PhD degree and a 
track record in high quality research in a field related to the profile; we welcome degrees from natural, social, as well as engineering sciences. You
 are interested in collaborating with interdisciplinary research teams at the institutional level and within the ETH Domain, as well as with other nat
ional and international partners. You are keen on engaging with policymakers and stakeholders to connect your research with real-world impact.   This 
position will allow you to establish a group with high international visibility and to collaborate with others to advance your research agenda and cre
ate impact. By taking advantage of Eawag’s strong interdisciplinary environment and its world-class infrastructure and facilities, you will acquire th
ird party funding, build up a research group with PhD students and postdocs and contribute to Eawag’s mandate in educational outreach and expert consu
lting.  We offer an exciting and stimulating research environment with excellent opportunities for collaborative research. We are a team of about 500 
scientists and support professionals from over 40 nationalities who collaborate on pressing topics in aquatic science and technology. Eawag is based a
t two sites in Switzerland, in Dübendorf (15 minutes from Zurich) and Kastanienbaum (20 minutes from Lucerne).   With this cluster hire, we aim to fur
ther enhance diversity across all relevant dimensions within our institute. We promote cultural and gender equality and are committed to fostering div
ersity, equity and inclusion (DEI) among students, staff, and faculty (see our statement on equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion). Accordingly
, we actively encourage applications from individuals belonging to currently underrepresented groups, as well as from all qualified candidates with th
e skills and knowledge to productively support and engage with equitable, diverse and inclusive communities. Candidates from one or more underrepresen
ted groups who wish to self-identify in the application letter are encouraged to do so. The compatibility of career and other life domains is also of 
central importance to us. For more information about Eawag and our working conditions, please consult www.eawag.ch and www.eawag.ch/en/aboutus/working
/employment.  Applications must be submitted by 31 May 2024. Please include the following:   A brief application letter describing your interests and 
their relevance to this position.  A statement outlining your vision for research and impact (max. 2 pages).  A CV (without photo) including funding h
istory (if any), a list of previous teaching and mentoring experience, and a list of publications highlighting up to three of the most important publi
cations.  The recruitment process consists of two rounds. In the first round we will evaluate the documents listed above and invite a subset of applic
ants for a short videoconference meeting. Following these videoconference meetings, we will select a shortlist of candidates for the second round. Can
didates invited to the second round will be requested to provide additional statements on education, leadership, and DEI, along with the contact infor
mation of three references. These candidates will be invited in small groups to visit Eawag in person. Following these visits, we will extend offers f
or group leader positions.   Please use the link below the topic (“biodiversity”, “public health”, “water resources and reuse” or “other”) that you co
nsider the best fit for your application.    For further information, please contact E-Mail schreiben.    Eawag: Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Sc
ience and Technology BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Hedge fund analyst with quantitative background_GenevaBanque Pictet & Cie SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstell
ungArbeitsort:GenfHedge fund analyst with quantitative background_Geneva Your team Pictet Asset Management (Pictet AM) manages the assets of some of t
he world’s largest institutions, financial intermediaries, and their clients. Within Pictet AM, our Total Return business is a leading European hedge 
Fund manager with a global presence and a wide range of strategies, ranging from directional to market neutral, as well as a multi-manager fund with a
 19-year track record. We are looking for a hedge fund analyst to work within our Total Return Equities team and help us continue to build and strengt
hen our processes through deep analyses across a wide variety of subject matter, including capital allocation decisions, risk management, working dire
ctly with some of the investment teams to help enhance their investment processes and decision making, and the use of alternative data. You will work 
in the Equity Total Return team and support the wider Total Return business with data management and insightful analyses. The successful candidate wil
l join a dynamic environment and be based in Geneva (preferred) or London. Your role Providing the investment committees of our multi-manager funds wi
th the transparency and insights needed to allocate capital to the various managers. Maintaining and further automating our data acquisition and proce
ssing infrastructure. Leading research aimed at improving the risk-adjusted performance of the multi-manager funds focusing on portfolio construction 
and tail-risk management; assessing, for this purpose, the usefulness of various data sources (macro data, hedge fund positioning and flows, crowding 
indicators, fundamental factor performance, alternative data, etc.) and several commercial risk models. Being willing to develop an in-depth understan
ding of many hedge fund strategies across asset classes, studying their diversification potential and helping with the quantitative assessment of cand
idate strategies. Working closely with our hedge fund managers to develop processes and tools aimed at enhancing risk awareness and improving investme
nt decision-making with the help of statistical and various types models. Collaborating with other quantitative analysts and data scientists at Pictet
 AM to identify useful patterns and signals from alternative data sources to enhance our investment processes. Building strong relationships with the 
Investment Risk, Investment Technology, and Reporting teams to enhance performance attribution, stress testing and the automation of reporting tasks. 
Your profile 3-5 years experience at a multi-manager hedge fund or possessing a strong and in-depth understanding of various hedge fund strategies (fu
ndamental, systematic, macro, and/or event driven). Quantitative background (university degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, 
engineering, or quantitative finance). Expert level in Python and the standard data science packages (e.g., pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, SciPy, etc.) 
and comfortable with relational database programming (SQL). Previous experience with Snowflake, AWS, data visualisation tools and languages (Tableau),
 and machine learning would be a plus. Familiarity with fundamental factor risk models (Axioma, Bloomberg MAC2 & MAC3, Barra) would be a plus. Strong 
communication skills: ability to communicate results to a non-technical audience. Good command of English; French would be a plus. Note We will not ac
cept any CVs via agencies. REF: HFAQ/CM/FC Diversity & Inclusion Pictet is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating a diverse enviro
nment. We respect all individuals and seek their inclusion in the workplace. KontaktBanque Pictet & Cie SA(0)83 Jobshttps://www.group.pictet/BewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:
60 – 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Engineering & Data Platform-Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos ist ein global tät
iges Management- und Technologieberatungsunternehmen. Wir gestalten gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden die digitale Zukunft.     "Daten werden der zentrale 
Rohstoff aller Unternehmen. Wir helfen unseren Kunden, den Wert ihrer Daten zu erschliessen."    Unser Data & AI-Team unterstützt Unternehmen dabei, i
hre Daten optimal zu nutzen, um fundierte Geschäftsentscheide zu treffen und Wettbewerbsvorteile zu erzielen. Wir begleiten unsere Kunden entlang der 
ganzen Daten-Wertschöpfungskette: von der Daten- und AI-Strategie, dem Data Management und dem Finden innovativer Use Cases über Projektleitungen und 
dem Implementieren von Cloud- und On Prem-Plattformen bis hin zum Data Engineering und der Implementierung von GenAI- und Machine Learning-Modellen.  
  Das ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos    In unserer aktiven, motivierten Community von rund 50 Data & AI Beratern in der Schweiz arbeite
st du kundennah und «an der Front» in verschiedenen Projekten mit, um mit quantitativen Methoden die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden zu lösen. Der Wi
ssensaustausch mit der Community und das aktive Mitdenken und Mitgestalten unserer stark wachsenden Dienstleistungen gehören ebenfalls mit dazu. Inter
national können wir auf ein Netzwerk von über 150 Spezialistinnen und Spezialisten zurückgreifen.        Deine Aufgaben umfassen:      Beratung des Ku
nden zu Themen rund um Daten und Data Engineering, Verstehen der Herausforderungen des Kunden und Ableiten von passenden Lösungsvorschlägen    Durchfü
hrung von Kundenprojekten in verschieden Rollen     Unterstützung in der Akquise von neuen Projekten    Möglichkeit, Eraneos und insbesondere das Data
 & AI-Team mitzugestalten       Dieser Job ist für Dich, wenn     Du es liebst, Probleme zu lösen und du helfen möchtest, die Herausforderungen unsere
r Kunden mit den passendsten Mitteln anzugehen.    Du Erfahrung im Data Engineering und den relevanten Technologien hast, beispielsweise SQL, Snowflak
e, databricks, dbt, Hadoop, Spark, Python, …    Du Erfahrung im Umgang mit verschiedensten Datenbanktechnologien und grossen Datensets hast.     Du Er
fahrung im Aufbau und der Automatisierung von Data Pipelines mitbringst, die Architektur mitgeprägt hast, dich um Data Extraction, Data Load und Data 
Transformation gekümmert hast.    Du Erfahrung im Cloud-Umfeld mitbringst, idealerweise Azure oder AWS.    Du eine kommunikative Persönlichkeit bist u
nd du Spass daran hast, mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen und verschiedenen Kunden zusammenzuarbeiten.    Du bereits über praktische Beratungs- und Projekt
erfahrung verfügst und du eine praktische, ergebnisorientierte Mentalität hast.    Du über einen ETH- oder Uni-Masterabschluss in einer quantitativen 
Disziplin verfügst, wie z.B. Informatik, Data Science, Mathematik, Physik, Maschinenbau oder Elektrotechnik.    Deine Deutsch- oder Französisch-Kenntn
isse verhandlungssicher sind und du Englisch sprichst.       Als i-Tüpfelchen bringst Du mit      Zertifizierung für Azure, AWS, GCP, Snowflake      W
ir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über unsere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständig
en Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome und Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden w
ir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir freuen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weiter
e Auskünfte steht dir Nadine gerne zur Verfügung (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig
 von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientierung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. Konta
ktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.eraneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Traineeprogramm Data & Analytics Flughafen Zürich AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:02 Mai 2024Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:PraktikumSprach
e:Deutsch (Fortgeschritten)Arbeitsort:Flughafen ZürichStart ab August / September 2024  Das Traineeangebot Data & Analytics ermöglicht dir einen Beruf
seinstieg nach deinem Studium und verbindet deine Faszination für Daten mit dem internationalen Umfeld Flughafen. Als Trainee bekommst du während 18 b
is 24 Monaten Einblicke in die Fachbereiche Data Science, Data Engineering oder Business Analytics. Du bringst dein Wissen und Know-how im Team Data &
 Analytics Competence Center ein und begleitest Use Cases von der Konzeption über das Prototyping bis hin zur produktiven Entwicklung auf der Cloud ba
sierten Datenplattform. Für deine persönliche Weiterentwicklung nimmst du an abwechslungsreichen Meetings und internen Workshops teil. Der Austausch u
nd Kontakt mit Mitarbeitenden, Praktikanten und Trainees aus verschiedenen Unternehmensbereichen und Fachabteilungen ermöglichen dir zudem den Aufbau 
eines umfassenden Firmennetzwerks.   Deine Jobdestination   Du unterstützt die Business Owner bei der Erhebung von Use Cases sowie das Data Governance
 Core Team in der Erarbeitung von Konzepten Mittels explorativer Datenanalyse erarbeitest du Entscheidungs- und Implementierungsgrundlagen Im Rahmen v
on Proof of Concepts erstellst du anhand von Prototypen logische und visualisierte Grundlagen für die Realisierung Du entwickelst in PowerBI interakti
ve Reporting Produkte für unsere Geschäftsbereicheund mittels Azure Data Factory sowie Databricks Data Pipelines für die nachgelagerte Datennutzung   
Deine Skills im Gepäck   Deinen Master- oder Bachelorabschluss in Informatik oder Data Science hast du erfolgreich abgeschlossen Sowohl statistische D
atenanalyse als auch Machine Learning gehören zu deinen Stärken Du hast erste Projekte in Python umgesetzt und bereits Erfahrungen auf Cloud Technolog
ien wie Microsoft Azure gesammelt - zudem willst du deine Kenntnisse in der Softwareentwicklung gewinnbringend einsetzen Dank deiner analytischen und 
konzeptionellen Fähigkeiten kannst du anspruchsvolle Lösungen entwickeln und zu Papier bringen Du bist eine überzeugende Persönlichkeit mit hoher Eige
ninitiative und hast die Fähigkeit, zielgruppenorientiert zu kommunizieren und zu präsentieren Stilsicheres Verfassen von Texten und Präsentationen so
wie sehr gute schriftliche und mündliche Kenntnisse in Deutsch (Muttersprache) und Englisch, runden dein Profil ab   Deine Benefits   Flexibel anreise
n Gratis ZVV-Bonuspass, GA-Beteiligung und Parkplatzmöglichkeiten  Günstig Essen & Shoppen Bis zu 20% in Shops und Restaurants am Flughafen und 50% au
f Reka-Lunch-Karte  Raum für deine Bedürfnisse 5 Wochen Ferien, easy 30 Ferientage kaufen und Möglichkeiten auf längeren unbezahlten Urlaub  Gemeinsam
 feiern Grosszügige Dienstaltersgeschenke ab dem ersten Jahr und legendäre Mitarbeitenden-Events  Auspowern & runterfahren Eigenes kostenloses Sportan
gebot vom Basketball bis zum Yoga. Vergünstigtes Fitnessabo am Flughafen  Für den Fall der Fälle Prämien NBU und KTG übernehmen wir, Rabatt auf Kollek
tivversicherung und bei Unfall privatversichert  Bodenständig & Familiär Wir sind alle per Du und leben einen positiven und unkomplizierten Umgang mit
einander  Beruflich abheben Finanzielle und zeitliche Unterstützung für Weiterbildungen, internes Seminar- und Lernangebot (FZAG-Academy)  Vielseitige
 Arbeitsumgebung Einzigartiger Ausblick vom Büro und/oder Homeoffice, Remotemöglichkeit, flexible Arbeitszeiten und eine 42-Stunden-Woche  Kontakt Car
oline ZikaHead Vocational Training & Young Prof."Ich begleite dich auf deiner Bewerbungsreise und beantworte deine Fragen dazu gerne."+41 43 816 55 00
 David HangartnerTeamleader Data & Analytics Competence Center"Hast du Fragen zu deiner neuen Jobdestination? Dann bist du bei mir genau richtig."+41 
43 816 77 86  KontaktFlughafen Zürich AG(21)14 Jobshttps://www.flughafen-zuerich.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


DevOps & Site Reliability Engineering Architect/ConsultantDigital Architects Zurich GmbHBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:06 Juli 2022Pensum:100%Vertra
g:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDevOps & Site Reliability Engineering Architect/ConsultantZurich, Basel, Berne / 80-100%Apply Now Digital Architects 
Zurich Fulltime Position We are looking for expert consultants who work with clients to design, communicate and build technologically advanced solutio
ns. Job Description We are looking for DevOps & Site Reliability Engineering Architects/Consultants who are comfortable in both cloud and on-premise e
nvironments, have experience as System Engineer or Software Engineer, and find the following exciting: Working with customers in projects that you can
 help shape from start to finish Being part of projects between software engineering, system engineering and consulting in a broad and modern technolo
gy spectrum from AIOps to observability and continuous delivery to continuous verification with machine learning Developing solutions using the latest
 technology (open source or commercial software), in the cloud and on-premise Collaborating in large DevOps and Site Reliability Engineering transform
ation projects with national and international customers Independent work, also part-time (80-100%) Education, training and opportunities to contribut
e Joining a helpful and collegial environment Your Career As part of the Digital Architects Zurich team, you will develop innovative and state-of-the-
art solutions for cloud-native environments and implement these solutions for customers in projects. Your Skills A development and engineering spirit 
and the ability to apply knowledge from different areas to solve the complex problems of reliable large-scale application operation A blend of affinit
y and skills in software engineering topics such as object-oriented programming (Java), software build and continuous integration, and system engineer
ing topics such as security and deployment automation Profound knowledge in the areas of operating systems, container fabrics, network, alerting, obse
rvability and monitoring, also in the cloud (Azure, AWS or Google Cloud) Practical experience in working with Agile and DevOps development methods and
 technology, e.g. Jenkins, GitLab, Harness, Splunk, Dynatrace, AppDynamics, New Relic, Elastic, Instana, Datadog, Kubernetes, Openshift, Terraform, AW
S, Azure, Google Confident in interacting with developers and the ability to dive deep into application or infrastructure code Good German and English
 language skills Flexibility for assignments at different customers in Zurich, Bern or Basel Team spirit, initiative, responsibility, creative and ana
lytical thinking We require that you already hold a residence and work permit for Switzerland I'm Interested Perks of the Job Work-life Balance Annual
 working hours (42h/week), overtime compensation, 5 weeks’ holiday and part-time offers – because work-life balance is important to us 1st Class Trave
l Card First class travel card for trains and buses in Switzerland (SBB GA). For private and work use. Monthly Outings We meet up regularly for exchan
ge, training and beer (or whatever you prefer). Share your knowledge, learn new things and have fun. Competitive Salary Salary in line with the market
 and a company profit sharing model. Phone Subscription Mobile phone subscription, all inclusive for Europe. Company Trips Weekends and trips with the
 team, be it hiking, skiing or other activities. Most importantly: everyone has fun. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders)Eraneos Switzerland AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:02 April 2024Pensum:60 
– 100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Science & Data Analytics Consultant (60-100%, all genders) Eraneos ist ein global tätiges M
anagement- und Technologieberatungsunternehmen. Wir gestalten gemeinsam mit unseren Kunden die digitale Zukunft.     "Daten werden der zentrale Rohsto
ff aller Unternehmen. Wir helfen unseren Kunden, den Wert ihrer Daten zu erschliessen."    Unser Data & AI-Team unterstützt Unternehmen dabei, ihre Da
ten optimal zu nutzen, um fundierte Geschäftsentscheide zu treffen und Wettbewerbsvorteile zu erzielen. Wir begleiten unsere Kunden entlang der ganzen
 Daten-Wertschöpfungskette: von der Daten- und AI-Strategie, dem Data Management und dem Finden innovativer Use Cases über Projektleitungen und dem Im
plementieren von Cloud- und On Prem-Plattformen bis hin zum Data Engineering und der Implementierung von GenAI- und Machine Learning-Modellen.    Das 
ist der Job - Deine Hauptaufgaben bei Eraneos   In unserer aktiven, motivierten Community von rund 50 Data & AI Beratern in der Schweiz arbeitest du k
undennah und «an der Front» in verschiedenen Projekten mit, um mit quantitativen Methoden die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden zu lösen. Der Wissensau
stausch mit der Community und das aktive Mitdenken und Mitgestalten unserer stark wachsenden Dienstleistungen gehören ebenfalls mit dazu. Internationa
l können wir auf ein Netzwerk von über 150 Spezialistinnen und Spezialisten zurückgreifen.      Deine Aufgaben umfassen:      Beratung des Kunden zu T
hemen rund um Data & AI, Verstehen der Herausforderungen des Kunden und Ableiten von passenden Lösungsvorschlägen    Durchführung von Kundenprojekten 
in verschieden Rollen     Unterstützung in der Akquise von neuen Projekten    Möglichkeit, Eraneos und insbesondere das Data & AI-Team mitzugestalten 
      Dieser Job ist für dich, wenn   Du es liebst, Probleme zu lösen und du helfen möchtest, die Herausforderungen unserer Kunden mit den passendsten
 Mitteln anzugehen.    Du in Data Science- und Data Analytics-Themen, -Methoden und -Tools fit bist und über Implementierungs-Erfahrung verfügst, beis
pielsweise in Python, SQL, pandas, pytorch, tensorflow, keras.    Du nach dem üblichen Data Engineering komplexe Sachverhalte mit Visualisierungen ver
ständlich machen kannst, z.B. mittels matplotlib, seaborn, streamlit.    Du gerne adressatengerecht Fachunkundigen Data Science-Herausforderungen und 
-Herangehensweisen erklärst.     Du eine kommunikative Persönlichkeit bist und du Spass daran hast, mit Kolleginnen und Kollegen und verschiedenen Kun
den zusammenzuarbeiten.    Du bereits über praktische Beratungs- und Projekterfahrung verfügst auch ausserhalb der Forschung und du eine praktische, e
rgebnisorientierte Mentalität hast.    Du über einen ETH- oder Uni-Masterabschluss in einer quantitativen Disziplin verfügst, wie z.B. Data Science, M
athematik, Physik, Maschinenbau, Elektrotechnik oder Informatik.    Deine Deutsch- oder Französisch-Kenntnisse verhandlungssicher sind und du Englisch
 sprichst.       Als i-Tüpfelchen bringst Du mit       Erfahrung im Umgang mit Datenbanken    Ein gewisses Flair für «Hacking» und keine Angst vor der
 Kommandozeile    Erfahrungen im Cloud-Umfeld    Cloud-Zertifizierungen für Azure, AWS oder GCP       Wir freuen uns auf deine Direktbewerbung über un
sere Website. Damit wir deine Bewerbung berücksichtigen können, benötigen wir von dir deine vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen (Lebenslauf, Diplome un
d Arbeitszeugnisse) im PDF-Format. Wenn du uns noch mehr Informationen von dir geben möchtest, würden wir uns über ein Motivationsschreiben von dir fr
euen.   Wir berücksichtigen keine Bewerbungen per E-Mail sowie von Personaldienstleistern.   Für weitere Auskünfte steht dir Nadine gerne zur Verfügun
g (jobs.ch@eraneos.com).  Unsere oberste Priorität ist, dass du zu uns passt und wir zu dir, unabhängig von Herkunft, Nationalität, sexueller Orientie
rung, Religion, Geschlechtsidentität, Alter, Beeinträchtigung oder anderen Aspekten der Vielfalt. KontaktEraneos Switzerland AG(4)84 Jobshttps://www.e
raneos.com/ch/ch//BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Data Platform ArchitectElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 Februar 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LausanneData Pl
atform Architect About ELCA We are ELCA, one of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, 
Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius. Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants prov
ide tailor-made and standardized solutions to support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland.
 Our activity spans across multiples fields of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSec
urity.     You will work with business and software engineering teams to build data platforms from the ground up, driven by concrete business use case
s. You will guide teams through the end-to-end project lifecycle, covering the initial conception, business requirements, software architecture, imple
mentation, and flawless delivery. You will be acting as a technical lead and coach for the more junior team members.  You will provide technological a
nd architectural consulting to our clients, create strategic roadmaps, and advise on their execution.  You will support pre-sales on tender responses,
 proof-of-concept work, and the design of modern data platforms, both on premise and in the cloud. You will run group-wide thought leadership initiati
ves to advance our architectural practice and sustain our technical excellence.       A dynamic working environment with a young and highly motivated 
team Diverse opportunities to expand your knowledge and experience by working on a wide range of exciting projects, clients and technologies Attractiv
e prospects for career and personal development through training and coaching A flat hierarchy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines T
he chance to make a difference in people's lives by building great software Attractive perspectives for further professional and personal development 
with various internal career paths Work-life balance (41 hrs/wk in flexitime, possibility for home office, min. 25 days of holidays), ergonomic and fl
exible workplace in a multicultural environment Interesting benefits such as: Contribution to existing mobile phone or business mobile phone, 1/2- tax
 subscription and business travel by train with 1st class, attractive pension fund models, assumption of NBU (private, worldwide), sickness benefit in
surance as well as fleet discount.       8+ years of experience in designing and implementing large-scale data-intensive software solutions Hands-on e
xperience in architecting big data systems and analytical pipelines covering data collection, data preparation and storage, data analysis and serving 
to data scientists or business users Solid knowledge of integration patterns and best practices such as synchronous vs. asynchronous communications, R
ESTful APIs, messaging, publish-subscribe  Deep understanding of distributed systems, real-time vs. (micro-)batch processing and related design princi
ples and patterns Solid knowledge of data-centric patterns, data modelling, query optimization on several storage solutions among SQL databases, docum
ent stores, graph databases, time-series databases, data warehouses Experience with one or several distributed streaming / processing platforms such a
s Kafka, Spark or cloud-based alternatives  Strong experience with Cloud services on at least one of Azure, AWS, GCP Strong knowledge of best practice
s and tooling for CI/CD pipelines, DevOps, automation, agile methods, automated testing, code quality Good communication skills, fluent in French, and
 in English KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Theoretical Physicist (TH-SP-2023-184-LD)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Ve
rtrag:TemporärArbeitsort:Geneva 23Theoretical Physicist (TH-SP-2023-184-LD)At CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, physicists and eng
ineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific instruments, they study the basic 
constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The process gives physicists clues ab
out how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cern. Introduction The CERN Theore
tical Physics Department (CERN-TH) is seeking candidates for a Limited Duration (up to 5 years) research staff. Position, dedicated to the  developmen
t and deployment of novel quantum-simulation algorithms. The position is in the context of the Next Generation Triggers Project  (NGT). We are looking
 for outstanding theoretical physicists who can also connect these activities to the group’s existing research activities in particle physics and rela
ted areas. Core objectives: quantum simulations on classical hardware; develop tensor network algorithms for quantum many-body problems; develop and d
eploy quantum circuit simulations for large systems O(100) qubits; develop quantum machine learning models for trigger applications; prototype tensor 
network simulations on FPGA using hls4ml. Functions Your main functions will include: Engagement in co-development partnerships with experts in the EP
 and IT Departments of CERN, as well as with academia and industry to accelerate the achievement of the objectives; Reporting on the progress towards 
fulfilling specific work packages on a regular basis, and be active and communicate within the wider range of NGT activities; Making significant contr
ibutions to theoretical research related to elementary particle physics; Participating in and initiating a large variety of activities within the Theo
retical Physics Department and possibly in collaboration with the experimental physicists working at CERN. PhD or equivalent relevant experience in th
e field of theoretical physics or a related field. Experience: Demonstrated post-doctoral research activities which have led to scientific publication
s in peer-reviewed journals; Evidence of ability to make significant contributions to the work of the Organization. Technical competencies: Knowledge 
and application of computational and mathematical physics; Knowledge and application of particle physics, phenomenology; Thorough knowledge of theoret
ical physics; Proven track record in algorithm development for quantum computing. Behavioural competencies: Achieving Results; Solving Problems; Build
ing Relationships; Creating Vision and Strategic Partnerships. Language skills: Spoken and written English: ability to draw-up technical specification
s and/or scientific reports and to make oral presentations. Eligibility and closing date: Diversity has been an integral part of CERN's mission since 
its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We welcome applications from 
all Member States and Associate Member States. This vacancy will be filled as soon as possible, and applications should normally reach us no later tha
n CEST midday 31.01.2024. Employment Conditions Contract type: Limited duration contract (5 years). Subject to certain conditions, holders of limited-
duration contracts may apply for an indefinite position. Job grade: 6-7 Job reference: TH-SP-2023-184-LD Benchmark Job Title: Theoretical Physicist Be
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Data Platform EngineerElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichCloud 
Data Platform Engineer Über ELCA Wir sind ELCA, einer der grössten Schweizer IT-Stämme mit über 2'200 Experten. Wir sind multikulturell und haben Nied
erlassungen in der Schweiz, Spanien, Italien, Frankreich, Vietnam und Mauritius. Seit 1968 bietet unser Team aus Ingenieuren, Business-Analysten, Soft
ware-Architekten, Designern und Beratern massgeschneiderte und standardisierte Lösungen an, um die digitale Transformation von grossen öffentlichen Ve
rwaltungen und privaten Unternehmen in der Schweiz zu unterstützen. Unsere Tätigkeit erstreckt sich über mehrere Bereiche von Spitzentechnologien wie 
KI, Machine & Deep Learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT und CyberSecurity.    ELCA ist mit über 2000 Spezialisten einer der grössten unabhängigen IT 
Dienstleister in der Schweiz.  Unser Business Line Business Intelligence und Big Data ist verantwortlich für die Bereitstellung von Technologieplattfo
rmen, die das Wachstum unserer Kunden fördert. Die zahlreichen exklusiven Projekte unterscheiden sich in Ausprägung, Branchen und Unternehmen.  Wir su
chen jemanden, mit Erfahrung in der Implementierung von komplexen verteilten Computerumgebungen, welche grosse Datenmengen verarbeiten. Idealerweise j
emand, der mit Big Data-Technologien wie Hadoop, Spark, MPP- und NoSQL-Datenbanken vertraut ist.     Als Big Data Engineer arbeitest du in mehreren Te
ams eng mit u.a. Data Engineers, -Architects und -Scientists zusammen, um hochmoderne Data Analytics-Plattformen aufzubauen und zu betreiben. Die Roll
e kombiniert technische Fähigkeiten in Big Data-Ökosystemen mit Fokus auf OS-Software und Cloud-Infrastruktur.  Du beteiligst dich an mehreren Big Dat
a-Projekten Du bist mitverantwortlich für Design, Code, Konfiguration wie auch von Komponenten welche Data Ingestion, Echtzeit-Streaming, Batch Proces
sing, Datenextraktion, Transformation über mehrere Datenquellen und Anwendungen hinweg verwalten. Du coachst andere Teammitglieder in neuartige Techno
logien Du interagierst mit Engineering-Teams über Projekte hinweg und stellst sicher, dass Deine Lösungen die Kundenanforderungen in Bezug auf Funktio
nalität, Leistung, Verfügbarkeit, Skalierbarkeit, Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit erfüllen Du arbeitest mit Business Analysten und Data Scientists zusa
mmen, um deren Use Cases zu verstehen und zu unterstützen       Ein dynamisches Arbeitsumfeld mit einem jungen und hochmotivierten Team Vielfältige Mö
glichkeiten, Dein Wissen und Deine Erfahrung durch die Arbeit an einer breiten Palette an spannenden Projekten, Kunden und Technologien zu erweitern A
ttraktive Perspektiven für Karriere und persönliche Entwicklung durch Training und Coaching Eine flache Hierarchie und eine Kultur der Zusammenarbeit 
über alle Disziplinen hinweg Die Chance, durch den Aufbau grossartiger Software etwas im Leben der Menschen zu verändern Attraktive Perspektiven für d
ie weitere berufliche und persönliche Entwicklung mit verschiedenen internen Karrierepfaden Work-Life-Balance (41 Std/W in Gleitzeit, Möglichkeit für 
Homeoffice, mind. 25 Ferientage), ergonomischer und flexibler Arbeitsplatz in einem multikulturellen Umfeld Interessante Benefits wie z.B.: Beitrag an
 bestehendes Mobiltelefon oder Business Handy, 1/2- Tax Abonnement und geschäftlich unterwegs im Zug mit 1. Klasse, attraktive Pensionskassenmodelle, 
Übernahme der NBU (privat, weltweit), fortschrittliche Kranktaggeldversicherung sowie Flottenrabatt       Technischer Hochschulabschluss ETH/UNI/FH mi
t Programmiererfahrung in Java, Python oder Scala Implementierungsfertigkeiten mit Big Data-Technologien wie Spark, Kafka, Hadoop oder DeltaLake Erfah
rung in der Bereitstellung und Automatisierung von Cloud-Lösungen mithilfe von Azure, GCP, AWS, Kubernetes oder Terraform Know-how in SQL- und NoSQL-D
atenbanken, z. B. Postgres, Snowflake, Databricks oder SQL Server Kenntnisse Software-Engineering-Best Practices des gesamten Entwicklungszyklus, inkl
. Codierungsstandards, Code-Reviews, Quellcodeverwaltung, Build-Prozesse, Tests und Betrieb Fliessend in Deutsch und Englisch KontaktELCA Informatique
 SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2013_Ph.D. in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health - SUPSIScuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI)BewerbenJob merkenVeröf
fentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Lugano2013_Ph.D. in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health - SUPSI2013_DTI / Ph.D.
 in the Area of AI-Enabled Precision Health Scadenza: 30 giugno 2024 La Scuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI), mette a co
ncorso una posizione di Dottorando in Salute di Precisione Abilitata dall’IA presso il nuovo Istituto di tecnologie digitali per cure sanitarie person
alizzate (MeDiTech) del Dipartimento tecnologie innovative (DTI) con sede a Lugano. Grado d’occupazione a tempo pieno (100%). Entrata in funzione il 1
° settembre 2024 o data precedente da convenire. Ambito e scopo della posizioneLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed sit amet i
psum odio. Donec at libero a metus rhoncus scelerisque. Nunc quis tristique elit. Nullam auctor vel risus vehicula pulvinar. Sed pellentesque felis ne
que, maximus sodales ipsum placerat sed. Proin dignissim orci in cursus rhoncus. Nunc egestas libero purus, accumsan consectetur orci consequat vel. P
ellentesque eu pellentesque dolor. Responsabilità e attività  Attività di ricerca applicata nel campo delle applicazioni di salute di precisione abili
tate dall'IA, utilizzando vari algoritmi per consentire il riutilizzo dei dati sanitari esistenti e di altri dati sanitari a supporto della ricerca cl
inica e dell'assistenza clinica. Applicazioni di IA responsabile di algoritmi di apprendimento automatico superficiale e profondo in ambito sanitario.
 Scrivere articoli scientifici per riviste e atti di conferenze, documenti di progetto e relazioni interne. Presentare i risultati della ricerca a un 
vasto pubblico, tra cui conferenze, workshop e riunioni di revisione dei progetti. Partecipare all'insegnamento e al tutoraggio degli studenti.  Requi
sitiEssenziali  Laurea magistrale in informatica, scienza dei dati, informatica medica, ingegneria del software o campi correlati, già conseguita o in
 fase di completamento. Esperienza nell'apprendimento automatico superficiale e profondo. Forte motivazione e impegno nella ricerca e nella pubblicazi
one in conferenze e riviste di alto livello. Forti capacità di programmazione, con familiarità con Python (o Java). Conoscenza dell'inglese scritto e 
parlato. Buone capacità organizzative, capacità di lavorare in modo indipendente e proattivo. Capacità di lavorare in gruppo e con i colleghi e gli al
tri membri dell'Istituto e di impegnarsi nel dialogo scientifico. Interesse per l'insegnamento e il tutoraggio degli studenti. Esperienza con applicaz
ioni di elaborazione del linguaggio naturale (NLP). Esperienza in progetti che prevedono lo sviluppo, l'implementazione e la valutazione di software P
ython e/o Java in un ambiente biomedico (in particolare sanitario/clinico). Conoscenza di framework di deep learning come PyTorch e spaCy. La conoscen
za pratica della lingua italiana è preferibile, ma non necessaria.  Offriamo  Un contratto a tempo determinato Stipendio interessante, in linea con gl
i standard svizzeri e con l'esperienza del candidato. Un ambiente di lavoro internazionale. Partecipazione a conferenze, workshop e scuole di alto pro
filo.  In tutte le sue azioni, la SUPSI garantisce un ambiente di studio e di lavoro inclusivo, accessibile e rispettoso di tutte le differenze, per o
ffrire a tutti una formazione universitaria di qualità. Per saperne di più su diversità e inclusione. Informazioni per la candidaturaI requisiti per q
uesta funzione sono pubblicati nelle “Direttive interne SUPSI” e nel “Regolamento del personale SUPSI” disponibili nella pagina “Documenti ufficiali”.
 Informazioni supplementari possono essere richieste a: Prof. Stéphane Meystre (Direttore MeDiTech) Documenti da allegare alla candidatura:  Lettera d
i motivazione che includa anche una breve descrizione dell’esperienza di ricerca passata e dei futuri interessi di ricerca (1-2 pagine) Curriculum vit
ae con elenco delle pubblicazioni (se presenti) e un link alla tesi di Master Elenco dei corsi e dei voti delle lauree triennali e magistrali (trascri
zione dei documenti) Elenco di (almeno) due referenze (con indirizzo e-mail) Copia del documento di identità Estratto casellario giudiziale con validi
tà sei mesi. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior cloud data engineerElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:17 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfSenior clo
ud data engineer About ELCA We are ELCA, one of the largest Swiss IT tribe with over 2,200 experts. We are multicultural with offices in Switzerland, 
Spain, Italy, France, Vietnam and Mauritius. Since 1968, our team of engineers, business analysts, software architects, designers and consultants prov
ide tailor-made and standardized solutions to support the digital transformation of major public administrations and private companies in Switzerland.
 Our activity spans across multiples fields of leading-edge technologies such as AI, Machine & Deep learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT and CyberSec
urity.    For the Data Analytics and AI business line, we are looking for a motivated Data Engineer, with experience in the implementation of complex 
distributed IT environments processing or integrating large amounts of data. That is competencies in big data technologies such as Apache Spark, MPP, 
relational databases and data architecture. Ideal candidate should have experience of cloud infrastructure (Azure, AWS, or GCP) and devops knowledge. 
     You will work with business and software engineering teams to design and build modern/agile data integration platforms from the ground up, driven
 by concrete business use cases. You will participate to teams through the end-to-end project lifecycle, covering the initial conception, business req
uirements, software architecture, implementation, and flawless delivery. You will be acting as an experienced professional and as a coach for the more
 junior team members. You work with business analysts and data scientists to understand and implement their use cases. You will support pre-sales on t
ender responses, proof-of-concept work, and the design of modern/agile data integration platforms, both on premise and in the cloud You will participa
te to group-wide thought leadership initiatives to advance our data & integration platform practice and sustain our technical excellence.       A dyna
mic working environment with a young and highly motivated team Diverse opportunities to expand your knowledge and experience by working on a wide rang
e of exciting projects, clients and technologies Attractive prospects for career and personal development through training and coaching A flat hierarc
hy and a culture of collaboration across all disciplines The chance to make a difference in people's lives by building great software Attractive persp
ectives for further professional and personal development with various internal career paths Work-life balance (41 hrs/wk in flexitime, possibility fo
r home office, min. 25 days of holidays), ergonomic and flexible workplace in a multicultural environment Interesting benefits such as: Contribution t
o existing mobile phone or business mobile phone, 1/2- tax subscription and business travel by train with 1st class, attractive pension fund models, a
ssumption of NBU (private, worldwide), sickness benefit insurance as well as fleet discount.       4+ years of experience in designing and implementin
g data platforms. Expert in data engineering, covering data collection, preparation/transformation, and serving to end users. Strong SQL expertise is 
required. Strong knowledge of Agile methodologies, DevOps and tooling for CI/CD pipelines, automation, infrastructure as code, automated testing, code
 quality Experience with one of the Hyperscaler Clouds (AWS, GCP, Azure), with Snowflake or Databricks. A certification on one of those is a big plus.
 Knowledge of data federation, data mesh and data product concepts. Good understanding of distributed systems, real-time vs. (micro-)batch processing 
and related design principles and patterns Good communication skills, fluent in French, and in English KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJo
b merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD positions (100%) in Information Systems in the Competence Center Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ) at the University of Lausanne (HEC)CDQ AGBewerben
Job merkenVeröffentlicht:23 November 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:TemporärArbeitsort:SchweizPhD positions (100%) in Information Systems in the Competence Ce
nter Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ) at the University of Lausanne (HEC)Festanstellung, Vollzeit · Schweiz - LausanneWhy us? In this position, you wil
l conduct research on current topics related to enterprise data management and support multinational companies in becoming data driven. You will be em
ployed at HEC Lausanne and work in the Competence Center Corporate Data Quality (CC CDQ), an industry-funded research consortium and expert community.
 As member of the CC CDQ research team, you will closely collaborate with Fortune 500 companies and drive the CC CDQ co-innovation activities in one o
f the following topics: Data sharing and platforms in business ecosystems Federated data management (data products, data domains, data mesh) Data arch
itecture and semantic layer (enterprise knowledge graphs) Sustainability / ESG data management and reporting Your mission: Starting date is negotiable
 from April to September 2024. Employment rate is 100%, and the maximum contract duration is five years. The candidate is expected to enrol in the Doc
toral School in Information Systems at HEC Lausanne and write his PhD thesis on a topic related to the CC CDQ co-innovation activities. Your daily tas
ks on the job Your responsibilities will be to analyze the current state of research, the challenges in multinational firms as well as emerging techno
logies and trends develop concepts, methods and tools that advance research and practice present and discuss your research with practitioners in the C
C CDQ workshops contribute to the academic field of information systems by publishing articles in top outlets and presenting at international conferen
ces support teaching activities, student projects and Master theses Your qualifications: We expect from you a passion for data & analytics and experie
nce in relevant fields, such as business intelligence, machine learning, data architecture, data governance, sustainability and ESG reporting interest
 in understanding multinational corporations, their data & analytics landscape, organization and business processes, IT applications and platforms a M
aster’s degree in Information Systems (IS), Computer Science, Business Administration (with minor in IS or business analytics, or related fields excel
lent analytical and communication skills good writing skills and fluency in English; German and/or French are a plus internships and/or professional e
xperience in areas related to this position Informal inquiries and how to apply:             For any inquiry about the PhD positions, please contact P
rof. Christine Legner:christine.legner@unil.ch or +41 21 692 3432. Applicants should submit their Curriculum Vitae, their university transcripts (bach
elor and master level) and an electronic version of a recent research project (e.g. master thesis, scientific publication) by e-mail.  Auf diese Stell
e bewerben About us"Smart in mind and heart" is what we are at CDQ! As a spin-off of the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland, CDQ is the global pi
oneer in collaborative data management with more than 15 years of experience in data quality. We have developed the first suite for collaborative data
 management with Data Quality as a Service (DQaaS). Our goal is 100% data quality - without maintenance.  Would you like to actively shape the future 
of the world's leading provider of collaborative data management? Then we look forward to receiving your application! Auf diese Stelle bewerben Kontak
tCDQ AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www.cdq.ch/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Developer for ML Training (EP-SFT-2024-48-GRAP)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 April 2024V
ertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfSoftware Developer for ML Training (EP-SFT-2024-48-GRAP)    Job Description    Your responsibilities  The successf
ul candidate will join the software development for experiments (SFT) group, which develops and provides support for scientific software for the High 
Energy Physics experiment collaborations at CERN. The candidate will work in the context of the Next Generation Trigger (NGT) project on developing a 
software library to train neural network models on multi-GPU clusters with support for hardware-aware training and parameter optimization. The library
 will be built from a pipeline of existing software developed at CERN and from external parties, and it will support the development of neural network
 models as part of NGT. As part of this project, the candidate is expected to supervise master students and to work in an international team of resear
chers from CERN partner institutes, in the context of the FastML community.  Your profile   Skills and/or knowledge  The candidate is expected to have
:  A solid background in professional programming (C++, Python, etc.). Knowledge of existing machine learning tools and techniques, including network 
compression.  Fluent in English.   Eligibility criteria:   You are a national of a CERN Member or Associate Member State. A limited number of position
s are also available to candidates from Non-Member States. You have a professional background in STEM (or a related field) and have either: a Master's
 degree with 2 to 6 years of post-graduation professional experience; or a PhD with no more than 3 years of post-graduation professional experience.  
 You have never had a CERN fellow or graduate contract before.      Additional Information   Job closing date: 20 May at 23:59 PM CEST.  Job reference
: EP-SFT-2024-48-GRAP Contract duration: 24 months, with a possible extension up to 36 months maximum. Target start date: 01-July-2024    What we offe
r   A monthly stipend ranging between 6212  and 6828  Swiss Francs per month (net of tax). Coverage by CERN's comprehensive health scheme (for yoursel
f, your spouse and children), and membership of the CERN Pension Fund. Depending on your individual circumstances: installation grant; family, child a
nd infant allowances; payment of travel expenses at the beginning and end of contract.  30 days of paid leave per year. On-the-job and formal training
 at CERN as well as in-house language courses for English and/or French.   About us  At CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, physicis
ts and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific instruments, they study 
the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The process gives physicist
s clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cern.  We are on a Quest
. A Journey into discovery like no other. Bring your expertise to our unique work and develop your knowledge and skills at pace. Join world-class subj
ect matter experts on unique projects, in a Quest for greater knowledge and deeper understanding. Begin your CERN Quest. Take Part!    Diversity has b
een an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is central 
to our success. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


VP, Information SecuritySophia Genetics SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:03 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:RolleVP, Information
 SecurityDo you bring experience in leading Information Security processes for Cloud-Based software and computing? Are you interested in advancing tec
hnologies and AI, coupled with a passion for having a positive impact?   With over 1.5 Million genomic profiles analysed, we have a lot of data and it
 needs protecting. Join us on our healthcare revolution to positively impact patient's lives as our new VP, Information Security.     Our Mission  We 
believe there is a smarter, more data-driven way to make decisions in healthcare and our cloud-native AI powered SOPHiA DDM Platform makes that vision
 a reality on a daily basis. You will have direct input to our mission to democratize data-driven medicine for the ultimate benefit of cancer and rare
 disease patients across the globe.   Your Mission  Reporting to the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer, you will have direct ownership and responsibili
ty for our Information Security processes ensuring we implement and uphold best-in-class protocols.  Regular performance of risk assessments, risk rep
orting and tracking of relevant issues, with resolution action plans Partner closely with CTO, Technology teams, software development and engineering 
to drive practical solutions to security during development Define and implement information security best practices and information management SOPs I
dentification and management of InfoSec software tools for the protection of company assets   Requirements  To be best set for success in this role, w
e see you bringing:  10+ Years within Information Security, with direct experience leading an InfoSec function. Experience working within a global or 
international matrixed environment with knowledge of EMEA and NORAM InfoSec Best Practice. Understanding of major software architectures, including op
erating within cloud & distributed computing networks, ideally having led the InfoSec function of a large Cloud-Computing or Software organisation.  F
urther knowledge within healthcare, life science, medical software or pharmaceutical with a robust understanding of Health Information & Data protecti
on regulations is valuable.  Knowledge of ISO 27001, HIPAA and GDPR Essential, further knowledge of ISO/IEC 27017, HITRUST, OSCP, SSCP, CISSP, CISM an
d CISA highly beneficial Expert in many of the following domains: Penetration testing & audit; Systems hardening; Vulnerability management; Security i
ncident management; Secure development; Endpoint protection; Security Monitoring   Benefits   You will be joining an organisation with the patient at 
the heart of every decision and action, driven by purpose as we drive exponential growth to our new business unit.   Business recognition and accolade
s include:    World's most innovative companies (Top 10) World's smartest companies (Top 50) 100 Best Places to Work in Boston Top 10 European Tech St
artup Top 10 European biotechs startup to watch Top 25 East-Coast Biotech to watch     This role can be based at any of our corporate office locations
 (Rolle, CH; Bidart, FR or Boston, MA). This is an office-based role with a hybrid work agreement.     A flexible, friendly and international working 
environment with a collaborative atmosphere An exciting company mission that brings together science and technology to directly impact the lives of pa
tients with life threatening illness. A fast-growing company with plenty of opportunity for personal growth and development A hard technical challenge
 to solve with exciting modern technology - cloud computing, Big Data, DevOps, machine learning    The Process  Apply now with your CV and any support
ing information.   Suitably qualified candidates will be invited through an interview and screening process where you will speak with members of our T
alent Acquisition Team, the hiring leader alongside key colleagues and stakeholders from across the business.    Starting Date: ASAP Contract: Full-Ti
me, Permanent BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of interpretable deep learning for multi-omics data multi-scale model
s of the immune system with a focus on investigating cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated and ambitious PhD candidate for 
a project focused on developing interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of single-cell and spatially resolved multi-omics data associated 
with CMD. The PhD candidate will develop models that can automatically identify key molecular and morphological structures, such as clusters of cells,
 that are essential for making informed predictions. This project aims to enhance the use of multi-omics and spatially resolved data in clinical decis
ion-making, hence, improving treatment guidance and prognosis.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop deep learning
 models for the analysis of spatially resolved data. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in CMD diseases, as well as spati
ally resolved molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners. Focus on model interpretability to identify significant spatial regions and immune profile
s. Investigate and address uncertainties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets. Contribute to
 scientific recommendations on AI model robustness.  Expected Outcomes: Novel interpretable deep learning models for the analysis of spatially resolve
d data. A novel AI-based classifier of immune profiles.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in Computational Biolog
y, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a good understanding o
f Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry, will be considered
 an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able to perform team-or
iented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS Esse
ntial skills: Able to perform team-oriented as well as independent work Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, prefera
bly in Python. Solid foundation in mathematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. G
ood communication skills in English (both written and spoken)  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data an
alysis. Knowledge of interpretable deep learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine a
t the University of Bern, one of Switzerland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculu
m, the faculty emphasizes practical relevance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading globa
l cause of death. Through collaborative research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardio
vascular physiology and pathophysiology, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdiscipli
nary approach positions the faculty as a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  
https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng.html  https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (pl
us family allowance if applicable, family status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax 
and employee's National insurance deductions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up 
to train a new generation of researchers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macro
phage biology in the context of cardiometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations i
n tissues that are associated with disease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our v
iew of chronic inflammatory diseases and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, 
twelve doctoral candidates will receive tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflam
mation as well as develop strategies to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease 
modelling approaches. Moreover, they will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts an
d clinicians pledging clinically actionable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-acade
mic institutions in the MIRACLE network that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infras
tructures, resources, and solid data places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and fost
er the scientists of tomorrow. The MIRACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Cent
er (coordinator) Maastricht University, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Le
uven University of Bern AstraZeneca University of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European 
Atherosclerosis Society  KontaktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Senior Data & AI Consultant Scigility AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:70 – 100%Arbeitsort:Freiburg / FribourgWoul
d you like to use your knowledge of data architecture in challenging projects? From pre-sales consulting to strategy development and workshop manageme
nt - here you can really play a significant role.  Who needs your support? At Scigility, academic and practical expertise come together to form a uniq
ue data & AI service offering - for diverse and cross-industry clients in Switzerland and across Europe. Together, we define, build and operate integr
ated holistic data & AI platforms, develop applications to gain new insights into customers' data and provide support within the legal framework. Clos
e collaborations with universities and technology providers keep the SME at the cutting edge of innovation. But the true heart of Scigility is a uniqu
e team, consisting of highly motivated engineers with diverse backgrounds, unique personalities and a shared passion for data. We reshape them, create
 based on experience and past data insights, and empower our customers for the future. We pursue this mission in an environment with flat hierarchies 
and agile working methods, which requires maximum self-organisation and personal responsibility. Overall, we form a strong team that supports and list
ens to each other. Your colleagues are just a quick message away from you - working from home is an integral part of our multicultural team. How you m
ake an impact Do you want to be part of an interdisciplinary team, be involved in decision-making and contribute your own ideas? As a Senior Data Arch
itecture Consultant you can expect a varied field of activity with great development potential. Using your personality and technical knowledge, you wi
ll help to create innovations from data and prepare exciting customers for future challenges. That's why you make big things happen:  You advise clien
ts regarding their strategy, data architecture and data management in order to develop data-driven business solutions. You are responsible for carryin
g out requirements analyses and selecting suitable platforms, as well as designing system and application architectures. You are an important interfac
e to the technical teams, supporting them in the development, testing, and deployment of proposed solutions from your consultative perspective. You wi
ll also support your customers with your advice during the pre-sales process. You organize and manage customer projects by using agile methods, for ex
ample in the role of SCRUM Master. You organize tech sessions to promote the internal exchange of knowledge.  That makes you the ideal candidate  You 
have a university degree in computer science or comparable experience. In addition, you have at least 5 years of professional experience as a consulta
nt in a similar field. You have experience in the development of data strategies and data architectures (Data Mesh, Lakehouse, etc.) based on a broad 
understanding of technology (Databricks, Azure, etc.). In addition, you have a good understanding of programming concepts and good knowledge of at lea
st one important language (Java or Python). You also enjoy visiting your customers on site. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Germa
n (or French) and English complete your profile.  Optional superhero skills:  You have a good overview of current trends in the IT industry and know h
ow to put them into practice in customer projects (machine learning, cloud native, containerization, or similar). You have teaching and coaching skill
s. You have experience in data governance with a focus on standards, organization, and processes.  Benefits   Continuous learning   Invest up to 20% o
f your working time in your personal development and education - at the company's expense   Remote work options   Enjoy the freedom to work from anywh
ere in Switzerland and to experience the benefits of remote working   Fairness   Transparent salary structures and remuneration including profit shari
ng   Your own IT equipment   Create your working environment with an annual budget for IT and home office equipment   Everyone is equal   You can expe
ct diversity, multiculturalism, and equal opportunities for all   There is (almost) no boss   You can look forward to flat hierarchies, plenty of free
dom and an active exchange within the team   The world is yours   Flexible working hours, a great deal of autonomy and individual responsibility    Pr
ofessional development   Plan your career with a clear development path   Great Team   You are part of a diverse team with different perspectives and 
experiences as well as monthly company meetings that promote a positive team culture  Patrice Bubas KontaktScigility Switzerland AG(0)1 Jobhttps://www
.scigility.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


2022_DTI / Ricercatore con PhD Reperimento delle informazioni e NLP - SUPSIScuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI)BewerbenJ
ob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Meilen2022_DTI / Ricercatore con PhD Reperimento delle informazioni e N
LP - SUPSI2022_DTI / Ricercatore con PhD Reperimento delle informazioni e NLP Scadenza: 28 maggio 2024 La Scuola universitaria professionale della Svi
zzera italiana (SUPSI), mette a concorso una posizione come Ricercatrice / Ricercatore con Ph.D. nell'area di ricerca "Information Retrieval and Natur
al Language Processing" specializzata/o nell’ambito del Deep Learning, in particolare per il Trattamento del linguaggio naturale (NLP) presso l’Istitu
to Dalle Molle di studi sull’intelligenza artificiale (IDSIA) del Dipartimento tecnologie innovative (DTI) con sede a Lugano. Grado d’occupazione del 
100%. Entrata in funzione il 1° dicembre 2024 o data da convenire. Ambito e scopo della posizioneLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing el
it. Sed sit amet ipsum odio. Donec at libero a metus rhoncus scelerisque. Nunc quis tristique elit. Nullam auctor vel risus vehicula pulvinar. Sed pel
lentesque felis neque, maximus sodales ipsum placerat sed. Proin dignissim orci in cursus rhoncus. Nunc egestas libero purus, accumsan consectetur orc
i consequat vel. Pellentesque eu pellentesque dolor. Responsabilità e attività  Condurre ricerche innovative nel campo del deep learning, con particol
are attenzione alle applicazioni dei modelli linguistici di grandi dimensioni. Progettare e implementare esperimenti per esplorare nuovi approcci e te
cniche nella modellazione e generazione del linguaggio. Collaborare con team interdisciplinari per affrontare sfide complesse in NLP e nei campi corre
lati. Supportare il team NLP (https://nlp.idsia.ch/) in progetti orientati alla ricerca e alle applicazioni. Pubblicare i risultati della ricerca in c
onferenze e riviste di alto livello.  RequisitiBackground tecnico e competenze  Dottorato di ricerca in ingegneria informatica o in un campo correlato
, con una forte attenzione al deep learning. Una qualifica di Master potrebbe essere presa in considerazione in casi eccezionali. Competenza nelle tec
niche di machine learning e deep learning, in particolare in relazione a modelli linguistici di grandi dimensioni. Dimostrate capacità di programmazio
ne in Python ed esperienza con librerie/framework pertinenti (ad esempio PyTorch, TensorFlow). Track record di pubblicazioni scientifiche. Eccellenti 
capacità di comunicazione. Capacità di lavorare efficacemente sia in modo indipendente che collaborativo. Ottime capacità di comunicazione in inglese 
parlato e scritto. Competenza dimostrata nel campo del NLP, incluso ma non limitato ai modelli linguistici di grandi dimensioni, alla generazione di t
esto e al "Information Retrieval". Familiarità con il framework Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) e relative metodologie. Familiarità con librerie 
di deep learning (es. ONNX) o librerie NLP (es. spaCy). Esperienza nello sviluppo di software e contributi open source. Conoscenza di ulteriori lingue
 e/o esperienza di lavoro con modelli PNL multilingue. Esperienza precedente nel settore industriale o accademico, lavorando su applicazioni del mondo
 reale. La conoscenza di una o più lingue nazionali svizzere costituisce un vantaggio.  Offriamo  Un contratto determinato di due anni con possibilità
 di rinnovo. Salario competitivo, in linea con gli standard svizzeri e l’esperienza della/del candidata/o. Ambiente lavorativo internazionale. Parteci
pazione a conferenze, workshop e di alto profilo. Opportunità di sviluppare competenze professionali e scientifiche.  Informazioni per la candidaturaI
 requisiti per questa funzione sono pubblicati nelle “Direttive interne SUPSI” e nel “Regolamento del personale SUPSI” disponibili nella pagina “Docum
enti ufficiali”. Informazioni supplementari possono essere richieste a: Fabio Rinaldi I candidati dovranno inviare la seguente documentazione, scritta
 in inglese:  Curriculum vitae con lista delle pubblicazioni (se presenti) e link alla tesi di Dottorato. Copia di almeno tre articoli scientifici pub
blicati su riviste internazionali o su atti di convegni internazionali. Lettera di motivazione che includa anche una breve descrizione dell’esperienza
 (1-2 pagine). Lista di due o tre referenze (nome e indirizzo e-mail) Copia del documento di identità Estratto casellario giudiziale con validità sei 
mesi.  Non sono accettate candidature incomplete, inviate ad altri indirizzi o oltre il termine stabilito.BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


(Senior) Data Platform Engineer (m/f/d) 80% - 100%Digitec Galaxus AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:22 Dezember 2023Pensum:80 – 100%Vertrag:Festanste
llungArbeitsort:Zürich(Senior) Data Platform Engineer (m/f/d) 80% - 100%Zurück zur ÜbersichtAuf diese Stelle bewerben (Senior) Data Platform Engineer 
(m/f/d) Zürich 80% - 100% Product Development Englisch Do you want to work on the largest online shop in Switzerland in an exclusive team of data engi
neers? Team Empire is looking for a Senior Data Platform Engineer. As a Senior Data Platform Engineer, you lead the designing, implementing, and maint
aining of our data platform components on the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). You work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure the smooth operation
 of our data systems and enable efficient data processing, storage, and analysis. You ensure the optimal software design of our products. Aufgaben Dri
ve the design, development, and operation of scalable data platform solutions. Enable data scientists, data analysts, and machine learning engineers t
o discover, ingest and exchange data. Implement federated data governance measures with support of our Data Architect and our Data Protection Officer.
 As part of a Scrum team, you are responsible for independently driving the domain forward and helping to shape our vision, roadmap, and features. Sta
y up to date with emerging technologies and industry trends to continuously enhance our data platform. Anforderungen A higher specialized education in
 the field of computer science (ETH/UNI/FH). At least 3 years of experience as a Data Platform Engineer or equivalent. At least 5 years of professiona
l experience in Python programming and familiar with software design best practices. DevOps skills, including hands-on experience with CI/CD, infrastr
ucture automation, configuration management, and deployment tools (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Airflow). Solid understanding of cloud technologies (ideal
ly GCP and BigQuery), distributed systems and data processing frameworks (e.g., Spark), and stream processing frameworks (e.g. Kafka, Flink) Experienc
e in designing and building large-scale data platforms utilising infrastructure as code (IaC), such as Terraform, and familiar with data warehouse sol
utions and ETL/ELT processes & tools. Excellent communication and teamwork abilities in English, German is a plus. Unser Angebot A chance to work on a
 cutting-edge data platform (see TechRadar) and concepts like data mesh and streaming in a company that deeply lives by the platform mindset A motivat
ed and humorous team that likes direct and uncomplicated communication Many opportunities to develop professionally, such as workshops, brown bag lunc
hes, guilds and of course our EDU points Opportunity to take part in various fun events such as hackathons, hiking, skiing, LAN parties, or Friday nig
ht drinks After-work events and drinks in the in-house café-bar "Pause" & special prices on our entire range (Digitec & Galaxus) You can flexibly arra
nge your working hours and locations - home office and remote work are here to stay Company culture that's driven by rapid failure and learning - Our 
Values Want to know more about us? Go to our tech blog here Auf diese Stelle bewerben ArbeitsspracheEnglisch Arbeitspensum80% - 100% Standort Digitec 
Galaxus AG Pfingstweidstrasse 60bCH-8005 Zürich Ähnliche Stellen Berufsbezeichnung Arbeitspensum StandortiOS Software Engineer (m/f/d)80% - 100%Produc
t DevelopmentZürichProduct Owner (m/w/d)Online Shop / Shop Discovery80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichTeamlead Software Engineering80% - 100%Product 
DevelopmentZürichData Analytics Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Junior) Software Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Senior) Relev
ance Engineer (m/f/d)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich(Senior) Software Engineer (m/w/d)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichSoftware Architect (m/w/d
)80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichTechnical Product Owner Network & Cloud80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürichSoftware Engineer DevOps (m/f/d)80% - 10
0%Product DevelopmentZürichFullstack Software Engineer80% - 100%Product DevelopmentZürich Hinter den KulissenCarousel überspringen Werde Teil unserer 
Firma. Und bleib wer du bist. Gemeinsame Werte sind entscheidend für langfristigen Erfolg - davon sind wir überzeugt. Eine starke Firmenkultur ist uns
 darum wichtiger als starre Richtlinien oder Reglemente.Unsere WerteFirmenportrait KontaktDigitec Galaxus AG(16)23 Jobshttps://www.digitec.chBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Paid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Procter & Gamble Europe SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:Petit-LancyPaid Internship in DataScience - 4/6 Months (m/f/x)Email this job to Success! Failure! Get notified for similar jobs Success
! Successfully subscribed for similar jobs Failure! Get tailored job recommendations based on your interests. Profile recommendations Similar Jobs    
 Data Science for Supply Chain Internship Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000090389 Job Ty
pe Full time Internships Job LocationBrusselsJob DescriptionDo you have passion for technology and desire to learn and grow continuously? Do you want 
to belong to one of the most advanced Data Science & Analytics group in the     Data Scientist Operations Research for Supply Chain Location Brussels,
 Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000099601 Job Type Full time Recent Grads/Entry Level Job Location. Brussels
. Job Description. Data Scientists at P&G are not only technical experts but also passionate business leaders driving change and innovation. They play
 a pivotal role in creating a...     IT Internship or Bachelor/Master Thesis (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Informatio
n Technology Job Id R000092088 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionDo you have an analytical attitude and a 
passion for technology? Are you interested in being part of our Information Technology team near Frankfurt am Ma     AI innovation specialist internsh
ip Location Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium Category Information Technology Job Id R000101441 Job Type Full time Internships Job LocationBr
usselsJob DescriptionDo you have a passion for technology and a desire to learn and grow continuously? Then this opportunity as IT intern at Procter &
 Gamble is the one you have been loo     Marketing Technologist intern Location Paris, Paris, France Category Information Technology Job Id R000099167
 Job Type Full time Internships This includes making strategic choices regarding data, technology, and architecture to effectively integrate, activate
/execute, and enrich the system to meet business needs. Utilizing strong business...     WORKING STUDENT IT (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Jo
b Id R000092090 Job Type Part time Internships Job LocationKronbergJob DescriptionOur Working Student program is a great opportunity to gain practical
 knowledge alongside your studies, and P&G offers this!In a working student engagement with P&G,     ReLaunch IT Career Program – Information Technolo
gy Manager (M/F/D) Category Information Technology Job Id R000092086 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob 
DescriptionDo you want to be part of one of the most sophisticated global IT organizations in the world, transforming the way business is done through
 technology an     SAP Platform Operations Engineer (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R0000
87261 Job Type Full time Experienced Professionals Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionYOUR FUTURE EMPLOYER From its foundation 185 years a
go as a soap and candle start-up, P&G today is a leading consumer goods company. We are home to iconi     IT Manager – IT Product Manager / IT Enginee
ring / Data Analytics (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Category Information Technology Job Id R000092087 Job Type Full time Recen
t Grads/Entry Level Job LocationSchwalbach Am TaunusJob DescriptionAre you passionate about an exciting career in Information Technology? Are you read
y to sustainably shape the technology used in the industry? If you rel Jobseekers Also Viewed     Apprentissage d'employé(e) de commerce - Switzerland
 (m/f/x) Location Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Multi-Functional     Paid Internship – Consumer & Market Knowledge: Analytics (m/f/x) Loca
tion Petit-Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland Category Brand Management/Marketing     Analytics & Insights Internship (m/f/d) Location Schwalbach Am Taunus, H
esse, Germany Category Brand Management/Marketing     Morocco Homecoming Summer Internship - IT Project Manager Location Casablanca, Casablanca, Moroc
co Category Information Technology     Site Digital Technology Leader Location Seoul, Seoul, Korea, Republic of Category Information TechnologyBewerbe
nJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Ph.D. positions within ERC project: "Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Graphics Content for Novel Displays"Università della Svizzera italianaBewerb
enJob merkenVeröffentlicht:07 März 2019Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LuganoPh.D. positions within ERC project: "Perceptually-Driven Opti
mizations of Graphics Content for Novel Displays" Faculty of Informatics Ph.D. positions within ERC project: “Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Gra
phics Content for Novel Displays” The Perception, Display, and Fabrication Group at the Università della Svizzera italiana(USI) in Lugano, Switzerland
, is looking for highly motivated Ph.D. candidates to work at theintersection of computer graphics, novel display technologies, and visual perception 
withinthe ERC Starting Grant project “Perceptually-Driven Optimizations of Graphics Content forNovel Displays”. The positions are fully-funded. We off
er a competitive salary in line withSwiss universities. The goal of the project is to develop new content adaptation and generation techniques forfutu
re displays, such that the displayed images closely match the capabilities of noveldisplay devices as well as the requirements of human perception. Th
e approach shouldassure that the computational resources are not wasted for generating content which isirrelevant to observers, and guarantee the high
est perceived quality possible. We would liketo focus on the newly emerging display technologies such as virtual reality and augmentedreality displays
 which allow for addressing all visual cues available in the real world. Asuccessful candidate should have: Master degree in computer science or a clo
sely related field, a good programming and math skills, knowledge of computer graphics/vision tools, such as OpenGL, OpenCV, Matlab, fluent English, b
oth written and spoken, a strong desire for research and publishing at top venues, an experience with deep learning frameworks will be an additional a
dvantage. The course work and interests in one or more of the following areas are desired: computer graphics & rendering, image & video processing, ne
w display devices (such as VR and AR), human visual perception, eye tracking, machine learning. Applications should be sent directly to Prof. Piotr Di
dyk (E-Mail schreiben). The subject ofthe e-mail should start with the phrase “[Application]”.The documents should include: CV, transcripts of records
, a statement of purpose, contacts to 2-3 persons who agreed to write recommendation letters, a complete list of publications, if any. page 2 / 2 Perc
eption, Display, and Fabrication Group at the USI Lugano in Switzerland conductshigh-quality research in the field of computer graphics and computer v
ision. Their goal is tocombine computational techniques with human perception and hardware design to createbetter display and fabrication techniques. 
The areas of expertise include computer graphics,new display technologies, image/video processing, 3D printing, computational fabrication,and human pe
rception. We focus on publishing at the top computer graphics and computervision venues. Many of our works have been presented as technical papers at 
the ACMSIGGRAPH conference series. We expect the candidates to contribute to this success. Thegroup has several ongoing collaborations with world-lead
ing research centers including MIT,Harvard, University of Toronto, Adobe Systems, Nvidia, and Max Planck Institute. The futuregroup members are expect
ed to take an active part in these activities. The Faculty of Informatics at Università della Svizzera italiana is defined by its passionfor scientifi
c research. Around 200 top researchers from around the world conduct researchin several computer science areas, with tens of millions of Swiss francs 
in competitivefunding obtained to date. Over the years, the Faculty has become one of the leadingresearch centers in Switzerland and an international 
point of reference in many fields.More information about the faculty: https://www.inf.usi.ch/en. More information about the positions and the group: c
ontact: E-Mail schreiben visit: https://www.pdf.inf.usi.ch/ KontaktUniversità della Svizzera Italiana(0)7 Jobshttps://www.unisi.ch/BewerbenJob merkenD
iesen Job melden


PhD position in Digital PathologyUniversität BernBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernPhD posit
ion in Digital PathologyRESEARCH FIELDS: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics
, Computer science.RESEARCHER PROFILE: Doctoral Candidate (i.e. not already in possession of a doctoral degree at the date of the recruitment)APPLICAT
ION DEADLINE: 31 March 2024 18:00h - Europe/BrusselsLOCATION: University of Bern (Switzerland)TYPE OF CONTRACT: Temporary, 48 months.JOB STATUS: Full-
timeHOURS PER WEEK: 36OFFER STARTING DATE: Flexible starting April – October 2024EU RESEARCH FRAMEWORK PROGRAMME: HORIZON / Marie Skłodowska-Curie Act
ions / Doctoral NetworksMARIE CURIE GRANT AGREEMENT NUMBER: 101119370 The University of Bern is looking for a PhD student / Doctoral Candidate (DC). T
his DC position is part of the MIRACLE consortium, a Marie-Sklodowska Curie Actions Doctoral Network that starts on the 1st of February 2024. The prim
ary supervisor for the project is Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez, an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Informatics & Data Science at
 the Yale School of Medicine (https://medicine.yale.edu/biomedical-informatics-data-science/), and an adjunct researcher with the Institute of Tissue 
Medicine and Pathology (ITMP), University of Bern. The student will be based at the University of Bern, Switzerland, and will join the group of the se
condary supervisor, Prof. Inti Zlobec, a Professor of Digital Pathology at the ITMP. Collaboration between both groups is expected. To ensure this, a 
portion of the PhD program will be spent at Yale University. Prof. María Rodríguez Martínez has a background in physics. She transitioned to computati
onal biology during her postdoctoral studies at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Columbia University (USA). Between 2013 and 2023, she l
ed the Computational Systems Biology team at IBM Research Europe (Switzerland), dedicated to the development of novel computational strategies for per
sonalized cancer treatments. A major part of this work was developed under the umbrella of two major EU-funded consortia focused on prostate and pedia
tric cancers, which she successfully initiated and coordinated. Her current research integrates mechanistic and artificial intelligence models, with a
 particular emphasis on the development of interpretable deep learning approaches for computational biology. Recently, her research has concentrated o
n cancer immunology, leading to the development of predictive models for T cell receptor binding and the exploration of B cell evolution. Prof. Inti Z
lobec is Professor of Digital Pathology at the Institute of Tissue Medicine and Pathology, University of Bern in Switzerland, where she leads to Odyss
ey Digital Pathology Research Group (www.digitalpathologybern.com), an interdisciplinary computational pathology research hub, bringing computer scien
tists, bioinformaticians, biologists and medical doctors together to work on common projects. The aims of the research group are on the one hand, to b
uild tools for diagnostic clinical use and on the other to gain novel biological insights into cancers by using the latest spatial (transcriptomic and
 protein) tissue visualisation techniques and computational methods. Inti Zlobec is Chair of the European Society of Pathology Working Group for Digit
al & Computational Pathology, Founder and President of the Swiss Digital Pathology Consortium (SDiPath), Executive Team member of the Center for Artif
icial Intelligence in Medicine (CAIM) of the University of Bern and Board member for the Bern Center for Precision Medicine (BCPM). The PhD students r
elated to the MIRACLE programme will be embedded within the Odyssey Research Group, with additional interactions to scientists specializing in the fie
ld of cardiovascular inflammation.The PhD candidate will work on the development of multi-scale models of the immune system with a focus on investigat
ing cardiometabolic disease (CMD). We are seeking a highly motivated PhD candidate to embark on an exciting project focusing on the development of a c
omprehensive multi-scale model of the immune system, with a particular emphasis on inflammation and its role in cardiometabolic diseases (CMD). The pr
oject aims to identify new therapeutic strategies to mitigate inflammation and disease progression in CMD. The PhD candidate will develop hybrid mathe
matical-AI models that integrate mechanistic insights with AI methodologies, addressing challenges related to data scarcity, lack of robustness and ge
neralization of existing data-driven models. The model will be trained on multi-omics datasets and will encapsulate known macrophage and T-cell biolog
y.  PhD position in Digital Pathology    Tasks Key Responsibilities: Develop a multi-scale model of the immune system to investigate inflammation by e
xtending existing models (focused on T and B cell biology) to include macrophages. Train this model using both publicly available single-cell data in 
CMD diseases. Using the developed model, characterize the dynamical interplay and cellular communication between T cells and macrophages in atheroscle
rosis. Integrate spatial molecular data generated by MIRACLE partners to enable accurate cellular simulations of CMDs. Investigate and address uncerta
inties in AI models, adapting current reliability benchmarks for the analysis of single-cell datasets.  Expected Outcomes: Development of an accurate 
model for the mechanistic investigation of chronic inflammation and CMD. Innovative models to explore therapeutic interventions in CMD. Development of
 new interpretable deep learning methods for multi-omics data integration.     Requirements REQUIRED EDUCATION LEVELA degree (MSc, or equivalent) in C
omputational Biology, Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, or a STEM-related field, such as Mathematics, Physics, Computer science, etc. Additionally, a g
ood understanding of Health or Life Sciences, for example, Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Immunology, Biomedical Sciences, or Biochemistry,
 will be considered an asset. Candidates in the final stages of obtaining their degree are eligible to apply.Furthermore, the applicant should be able
 to perform team-oriented as well as independent work. Additional requirements: REQUIRED LANGUAGESENGLISH: Excellent, both written and spoken. SKILLS/
QUALIFICATIONS Essential skills: Proficiency in machine learning techniques. Strong programming skills, preferably in Python. Solid foundation in math
ematical modelling, probability and statistics. Ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team. Good communication skills in English (bo
th written and spoken).  Good to have: Experience in computational biology. Familiarity with multi-omics data analysis. Knowledge of interpretable dee
p learning methods. Good understanding of immunology and/or microbiology.     We offer The Faculty of Medicine at the University of Bern, one of Switz
erland's largest, educates over 2200 students in human medicine and dentistry. Renowned for its unique curriculum, the faculty emphasizes practical re
levance, diverse subjects, and innovation. A significant focus area is cardiovascular disease, the leading global cause of death. Through collaborativ
e research with the University of Bern and Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, the faculty delves into cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiolog
y, spanning fundamental science to clinical studies. This commitment to excellence in research and interdisciplinary approach positions the faculty as
 a leader in both education and cardiovascular research. More information can be found at the following links:  https://www.medizin.unibe.ch/index_eng
.html   https://www.cvrc.unibe.ch/  Remuneration:The per annum MSCA PhD student living and mobility allowance (plus family allowance if applicable, fa
mily status is assessed at recruitment) is in line with EU-MSCA requirements. This amount will be subject to tax and employee's National insurance ded
uctions and will be paid in EURO. The MIRACLE network, funded by the European Commission (2024-2028), is made up to train a new generation of research
ers working on the latest advances in single-cell biology, multi-omics analysis, and the newest insights in macrophage biology in the context of cardi
ometabolic disease. These advances revealed heterogeneous and dynamic accumulation of (immune) cell populations in tissues that are associated with di
sease initiation, development, and particularly clinical outcome, a notion that has immense implications on our view of chronic inflammatory diseases 
and their treatment. Unique know-how is ready to be transferred to highly talented research fellows. In MIRACLE, twelve doctoral candidates will recei
ve tailored training that enables them to study local and environmental factors that drive cardiometabolic inflammation as well as develop strategies 
to suppress them, via the integrated use of cutting-edge single-cell, spatial mapping, computational and disease modelling approaches. Moreover, they 
will be able to develop and polish skills in translational science by working with biotech- and pharma experts and clinicians pledging clinically acti
onable outcomes. It is aimed to organize secondments of several months for each DC to both academic and non-academic institutions in the MIRACLE netwo
rk that will significantly add value to the training. The combination of high-level science with top-notch infrastructures, resources, and solid data 
places MIRACLE at the forefront to move single-cell biology towards cardiometabolic (precision) medicine and foster the scientists of tomorrow. The MI
RACLE network consists of the following institutions and companies: Amsterdam UMC, location Academic Medical Center (coordinator) Maastricht Universit
y, NL University of Lille, FR University of Eastern Finland University of Bonn BiomimX Katholieke Universiteit Leuven University of Bern AstraZeneca U
niversity of California San Diego NanoString Science Matters European Macrophage Dendritic Cell Society European Atherosclerosis Society   MIRACLE Kon
taktUniversität Bern(0)98 Jobshttps://www.iml.unibe.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud and Foundry specialist – Risk Technology Deloitte AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:29 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstellu
ngSprache:Englisch (Fliessend)Arbeitsort:Switzerland    Step into the Worldof Consulting between Technology and Risk    In our Risk Advisorybusiness, 
we support our clients in identifying and anticipating potentialrisks in all areas of their business. We consider financial, technological andbusiness
-relevant risks to ensure the long-term success of the company.   While working in theStrategic & Operational Risk area, you will support our clients 
in thestrategic development, optimization and implementation of IT security andsecurity technologies. In addition, you will advise organizations on ho
w toeffectively mitigate financial and non-financial risks and make informed andintelligent risk decisions based on data and analytics to maximizeoppo
rtunities   How you can make animpact:   You are actively drivingdigitalization forward by introducing new technologies, you will supportthe top manag
ement of international and national companies across allindustries in digitizing their business processes You create the connectionbetween business an
d technology by understanding the technicalrequirements of the customers and linking them with technologicalsolutions You take responsibility for clou
dand bid data solutions (e.g. Palantir Foundry, AWS, Azure) fromrequirements analysis to implementation in various business areas andcountries You ana
lyse processes andhelp to improve them by accompanying our customers in the strategicconception and technical implementation of compliance, risk and g
overnanceprocesses and help to mitigate external and internal risks You are part of a strongteam within a dynamic environment where you will continuou
sly developour topics in close cooperation with experienced experts       Who we are lookingfor:     Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Comp
uter Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  Experience and knowledge in cloud solutions and hyperscalers such as Azu
re, AWS or Palantir Foundry as well as fundamentals of software and cloud architecture.  Experience with at least one of the main programming language
s for the implementation of Machine Learning solutions (e.g. Python, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, R, Java or Scala)  Experience with AI Governance
 processes and the inherent risks of artificial intelligence is required, . Familiarity with the AI regulations would be advantageous and you should b
e willing to take ownership and drive topics to help the team grow further. You are fluent in English, fluency in German would be advantageous      Yo
ur team   Become part of anentrepreneurial, innovative and international team of 100 risk professionalsacross Switzerland. We are passionate about bri
nging best in class risksolutions to our clients and helping our people grow both personally andprofessionally through trainings, mentoring programmes
 and on-the-job learning.     Careers at Deloitte.Choose your impact.  At Deloitte, yourideas create impact and spark meaningful change for our client
s, people andsociety. Your unique expertise, background and perspective helps us find newways into the most complex challenges so we can brighten the 
futures of thoseour work affects. At Deloitte, you can build a career that inspires andenergises you. At Deloitte, you can choose your impact.   In Sw
itzerland, weprovide industry-specific services in the areas of Audit & Assurance,Consulting, Financial Advisory, Risk Advisory and Tax & Legal. With 
morethan 2,600 employees at six locations, we serve companies and organisations ofall sizes in all industry sectors. We offer meaningful and challengi
ng work, aplace where you can be you and where you will never stop growing. You willbenefit from flexible working conditions as well as wellbeing and 
parentalprogrammes.    Join us and becomepart of a global network of like-minded people dedicated to making adifference, whether by  addressing climat
e change   or improving 100 million futuresby 2030. Want to know more about opportunities at Deloitte? Visit  www.deloitte.com/ch/careers  .    How to
 apply   We look forward tohearing from you! Please click on “apply now” to submit a complete application,including CV, cover letter, references and d
egree certificates.  If you have anyquestions, please contact Rebecca at Write an email     *We consider allqualified applicants for employment regard
less of race, ethnicity, religiousbeliefs, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age ordisability, in accordance with applicab
le law. Research shows that women areless likely to apply for roles unless they match all the criteria; don’t holdyourself back – apply today.    We d
o not acceptapplications from recruitment agencies for this position.  Deloitte AG andDeloitte Consulting AG are Swiss subsidiaries of Deloitte LLP, t
he DTTL memberfirm in the United Kingdom.     Requisition code: 13138    KontaktDeloitte AG(0)102 Jobshttps://www.deloitte.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen 
Job melden


Full-Stack Software Developer (EN-IM-AMM-2024-28-GRAP)CERN European Organization for Nuclear ResearchBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:GenfFull-Stack Software Developer (EN-IM-AMM-2024-28-GRAP)    Job Description    Your responsibilities  Come and join the 
Engineering Department's AMM (Asset and Maintenance Management) section as a Full-Stack Software Developer and integrate into in a dynamic team of sof
tware professionals, where agile software development, asset management, DevOps, and machine learning come together. You will take the lead in designi
ng and implementing a collection of advanced web applications aimed at optimising the asset and maintenance management processes for over 4000 users. 
These crucial applications are built on top of the Organization's Enterprise Asset Management platform, HxGN EAM, for which the team is also publishin
g components as open-source. Your efforts will have a direct impact on the daily tasks for engineers and technicians managing CERN's particle accelera
tor complex and its surrounding technical infrastructure. Utilizing a wide array of technologies, including JavaScript (React), the HTML5 stack, Java,
 OIDC, and maximizing our proprietary cloud services, you will participate in molding the architecture of our digital engineering platform. Beyond pro
gramming, you'll transition into roles such as the Scrum Master, guide junior team members, perform code reviews, collaborate in pair coding sessions,
 and have access to various training programs to further your professional development. This position offers a unique blend of technical challenges an
d the chance to be part of meaningful projects that have a tangible impact on the functioning of CERN.  Your profile   Skills and/or knowledge   Exper
ience in professional software development with back-end and front-end technologies (Java, Spring Boot or Java EE, JavaScript, HTML5, React). Proficie
ncy in writing JavaScript single web page applications with React or a similar framework. Awareness of the interplay between HTML, CSS and JavaScript 
and the ability to dynamically build and modify elements on a page with ease. Hands-on experience with continuous build and automated testing. Hands-o
n experience in using collaborative code repository inside a team (git, GitLab, GitHub).   Eligibility criteria:   You are a national of a CERN Member
 or Associate Member State. You have a professional background in Software Engineering/Computer Science (or a related field) and have either: a Master
's degree with 2 to 6 years of post-graduation professional experience; or a PhD with no more than 3 years of post-graduation professional experience.
   You have never had a CERN fellow or graduate contract before.      Additional Information   Job closing date: 26.05.2024 at 23:59 PM CET.  Job refe
rence: EN-IM-AMM-2024-28-GRAP Contract duration: 24 months, with a possible extension up to 36 months maximum. Target start date: 01-July-2024    What
 we offer   A monthly stipend ranging between 6212  and 6828  Swiss Francs per month (net of tax). Coverage by CERN's comprehensive health scheme (for
 yourself, your spouse and children), and membership of the CERN Pension Fund. Depending on your individual circumstances: installation grant; family,
 child and infant allowances; payment of travel expenses at the beginning and end of contract.  30 days of paid leave per year. On-the-job and formal 
training at CERN as well as in-house language courses for English and/or French.   About us  At CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, 
physicists and engineers are probing the fundamental structure of the universe. Using the world's largest and most complex scientific instruments, the
y study the basic constituents of matter - fundamental particles that are made to collide together at close to the speed of light. The process gives p
hysicists clues about how particles interact, and provides insights into the fundamental laws of nature. Find out more on http://home.cern.  We are on
 a Quest. A Journey into discovery like no other. Bring your expertise to our unique work and develop your knowledge and skills at pace. Join world-cl
ass subject matter experts on unique projects, in a Quest for greater knowledge and deeper understanding. Begin your CERN Quest. Take Part!    Diversi
ty has been an integral part of CERN's mission since its foundation and is an established value of the Organization. Employing a diverse workforce is 
central to our success. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Lead Data Scientist (Insurance) - BCG XBoston Consulting Group AG (Switzerland)BewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:Fes
tanstellungArbeitsort:ZurichLead Data Scientist (Insurance) - BCG XWho We Are Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to
 tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963
. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, bu
ild sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and 
a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology a
nd design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organ
ization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place. What You'll Do Our BCG X teams own the f
ull analytics value-chain end to end: framing new business challenges, designing innovative algorithms, implementing, and deploying scalable solutions
, and enabling colleagues and clients to fully embrace AI. Our product offerings span from fully custom-builds to industry specific leading edge AI so
ftware solutions.As a Lead Data Scientist in our insurance practice, you'll be part of our rapidly growing team. You'll have the chance to apply data 
science methods and analytics to real-world business situations across the insurance sector to drive significant business impact. We help companies id
entify and develop growth opportunities that reshape the future of the insurance industry.As a core member of BCG X you will also take a larger and mo
re proactive role in shaping the strategy of BCG X – and of BCG overall. You will work closely with partners & managing directors to drive our company
’s growth & business development. Additional responsibilities will include developing and delivering thought leadership, managing teams of data scient
ists, engineers, designers. Successful candidates are intellectually curious builders who are biased toward action, scrappy, and communicative.We are 
seeking a strong candidate with significant experience in the insurance sector and advanced analytics to fill an exciting Lead Data Scientist position
 within BCG X. The Lead Data Scientist is expected to be a recognized expert in data science and will manage a team of data scientists and engineers t
o build innovative new products and analytics solutions in BCG's fast growing insurance practice. Successful candidates possess the following:•Comfort
able in a client-facing role, manage engagements, client relationships, provide “thought leadership” to teams•Explain sophisticated data science conce
pts in an understandable manner and act as interface between business & tech•Likes to distill complex results or processes into simple, clear visualiz
ations•Significant experience applying advanced analytics to a variety of business situations and a proven ability to synthesize complex data•Solid un
derstanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinnings, and can translate this into business implications for our insu
rance clients •Have strong project management skills What You'll Bring (Experience & Qualifications) •7+ years of relevant industry work experience in
 an Insurance company or Insurtech Startup providing advanced analytics solutions•Advanced degree required in a field linked to business analytics, st
atistics or geo- statistics, operations research, geography, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related field•Strong record of pro
fessional accomplishment and leadership•Looking for individuals with deep technical and data science expertise, acute strategic and analytical skills,
 ability to lead and persuade, drive and energy, and desire to work in a project-based environment •Demonstrated ability to lead and manage projects a
nd teams•Proven ability to drive topics and make a commercial impact in the insurance sector•Fluency in at least one coding language (Python)   Boston
 Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, 
age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characterist
ic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent w
ith applicable state and local laws.BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Development Manager BtoG Indonesia (100%)JANZZ AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:18 Dezember 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort
:ZürichBusiness Development Manager BtoG Indonesia (100%) who wants to play a central role within an emerging start-up. As a business development, sal
es and customer integration guru, you will support the organization with complex processes and activities of the various JANZZ.technology teams and in
itiatives in Switzerland and in Indonesia. You are flexible, attentive, precise, communicative and recognize a problem before it becomes one. You have
 proven experience in selling highly complex solutions, preferably in the IT and/or the government digitalization industry, a strong interest in cutti
ng edge technologies, you are (preferably) a true Digital Native and thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced start-up environment. You have detailed knowle
dge about what it takes to coordinate, manage and drive sales and customer integration in a fast-growing and worldwide operating start-up. You will ma
ster your core tasks easily and with excellent quality, while also taking on new projects that will move JANZZ.technology (and your career!) forward. 
Qualifications Minimum of a BA/BS in Political Science, Marketing, Language/Linguistics, Education or Engineering Background in Data Science, AI/ML or
 highly complex IT solutions, preferrable from the Universitas Gadjah Mada (UGM) Preferably a Digital Native with a passion for new technological deve
lopments. Three to five years’ experience in making the impossible possible (e.g. in connection with business development, sales, operational processe
s, process design, project management, RFPs/public Tenders and customer integration), experience with either cloud services, software or HR-Tech and B
toG in the Indonesian Market. Excellent Business development and Sales Skills with a highly developed and systematic self-organization in a similar in
dustry and/or international environment and a strong and reliable network of high-level contacts with national and provincial governments, public orga
nizations and private associations such as Kadin, press and media and other stakeholders across the Indonesian market. Independent working style as we
ll as a high level of self-initiative, composure and confident handling of ambiguities. Team player with the ability to work across departments. Abili
ty to set priorities and manage projects in an extremely fast-moving and challenging environment. Excellent written and oral communication skills in p
erfect Bahasa Indonesia (essential), preferably bi-lingual or mother tongue Bahasa Indonesia and English and with at least a third language like Spani
sh, French, Chinese, Arabic or German. Attention to detail and strong organizational skills. Competent use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoin
t) Willing to commit to frequent travel and longer, very intensive working visits to Indonesia and the different Islands and provinces. Tasks and Resp
onsibilities Responsibility for all business development and sales activities and handling of demanding customer inquiries with the Indonesia Governme
nt and various Ministries and authorities as well as with organizations such as Kadin, universities, etc. Business development, sales, planning, organ
ization and implementation of long-term, highly complex IT projects and services with a strong focus on XAI-based labor market management systems. Pre
paration and coordination of presentations, sales pitches, RFPs/Tenders, demonstrations, and live events (conferences, trade fairs, etc.) Participatio
n in the content development for all sales channels, corporate communications and public relations. Close cooperation with management, development tea
ms and customers. Market research in the areas of labor market and HR-Tech, semantic web, machine learning and AI. Participation in the further develo
pment of the business cases and products of JANZZ.technology. Available: Immediately or by agreement Place of work: Zurich Wollishofen (Switzerland) o
r partly remote e.g. from Indonesia (max 25% of the working time) Swiss/European citizenship or work permit required We look forward to hearing from y
ou and receiving a detailed electronic application. Please note that we only consider direct applications to E-Mail schreiben. BewerbenJob merkenDiese
n Job melden


PhD Position: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker StudiesETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:11 April 2024P
ensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker StudiesPhD Posi
tion: Personalized Prediction and Prevention of Dropouts in Digital Biomarker Studies 100%, Zurich, fixed-term Exciting technological advances in wear
ables and biosensors rapidly transform how we monitor and manage metabolic health beyond finger pricking and blood picks. Instead, passive, wrist-worn
 data streams hold massive potential to provide personalized insights into glucose levels and to help inform decisions about diet, exercise, and medic
ation management in everyday life and at scale. Project background The CSS Health Lab is a research laboratory at the Centre for Digital Health Interv
entions, a joint initiative of ETH Zurich and the University of St. Gallen, dedicated to various aspects of digital health and supported by CSS, one o
f the largest Swiss health insurance companies. Given the increasing health and economic burden of non-communicable diseases, the lab aims to make pre
vention measurable, actionable, and accountable; and make preventative care successful. To strengthen the CSS Health Lab, we offer the following posit
ion at the School of Medicine at the University of St.Gallen and ETH Zurich under the main supervision of Mia Jovanova, PhD, upcoming Scientific Direc
tor of the CSS Health Lab and Postdoctoral Research in Digital Biomarkers for Healthy Longevity, with Prof. Dr. Tobias Kowatsch and Prof. Dr. Florian 
von Wangenheim being co-supervisors: Research Assistant to obtain a PhD at ETH Zurich. Job description You must be eligible for a PhD at ETH Zurich, a
nd you will research the design, development, and evaluation of digital biomarkers in metabolic health with a specific focus on personalized predictio
n and prevention of dropouts in digital biomarker studies. As part of our team, you take direct project responsibility. You will design protocols for 
digital biomarker studies and identify and systematically assess intervention components that promote adherence to digital biomarker studies (e.g., ba
sed on behavioral economics, health psychology, marketing, and personalized motivational messages delivered by large language model AI chatbots). You 
will also develop methods to predict and prevent dropouts in such studies. You will work in a highly interdisciplinary team at the intersection of com
puter science, medicine, and business innovation. Your profile You should meet the following requirements:  A master’s degree in behavioral sciences, 
with a GPA (Grade Point Average) of at least 5.0 (GPA of 2.0 and better in Germany and Austria) in combination with a strong interest in digital bioma
rkers Strong expertise in machine learning methods, especially with large language models. Strong background in experimental research design in digita
l health and health behavior Proficiency in programming languages and familiarity with data visualization techniques and tools for presenting complex 
data. Strong interest in metabolic health, healthy longevity, health economics, and technology-based innovation Prior experience in applied research p
rojects, start-ups, or venture capital, as well as prior work experience in the health industry, is advantageous. Self-confident appearance and high c
onceptual and communication skills, especially regarding presenting research results to a broad and interdisciplinary audience Profound knowledge (wri
tten/oral) in German and English  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditions. Y
ou can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. The average duration for obtaining a Ph
.D. is 3.5-4 years. The workplace is divided between Zürich and St. Gallen. A minimum of 2 days (40%) will be in St. Gallen. We value diversity Curiou
s? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  Motivation letter Master diploma CV  Please note tha
t we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered
. Further information about CSS Health Lab can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Professor Tobias Kowats
ch E-Mail schreiben, or Giuliana Breu E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your onlin
e application with the following documents:  Motivation letter Master diploma CV  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted throug
h our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about CSS Health Lab can be fou
nd on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Professor Tobias Kowatsch E-Mail schreiben, or Giuliana Breu E-Mail schreibe
n (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Multiple PhD positions on "Single Cell Proteome Profiling"ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbe
itsort:St. GallenMultiple PhD positions on "Single Cell Proteome Profiling"Multiple PhD positions on "Single Cell Proteome Profiling" 100%, Zurich, fi
xed-term The laboratory of Single-Molecule and Single-Cell Biophysics (BMC) is a research group in the Department of Information Technology and Electr
ical Engineering (D-ITET) at ETH Zürich led by Prof. Morteza Aramesh. We work in close collaboration with the Laboratory of Biosensors and Bioelectron
ics (LBB) led by Prof. Janos Vörös. The focus of BMC group is developing technologies that enable single-cell studies down to single-molecule level. I
n our research, nanotechnology and biophysics meet to answer important biological questions. We're curious about things like how cells release protein
s and how immune cells in our body fight against disease using their protein repertoire. Our work has important applications, especially in understand
ing immune cells better and finding new ways to treat diseases using cells. Our research is focused in making sensors that can be used for monitoring 
process in living cells, and we're especially interested in using nanopore sensors for this purpose. These sensors help us see what's happening both i
nside and outside the cells. For example, we can observe how immune cells fight against cancer cells or how cells react to external physical or chemic
als cues. We work closely with scientists from other disciplines such as biology and immunology, to implement our knowledge in emerging applications s
uch as cell-based therapies to fight against cancer and other infectious diseases. In this context, we invite applications for multiple PhD positions 
to work on ERC funded project focusing on development of nanopore sensors for monitoring protein production and secretion in single cells. Project bac
kground Genomics revolution occurred because of the invention of single-molecule sequencing technologies, and consequently it has profoundly improved 
precision medicine and diagnostics. Single-cell proteomics and secretomics is on its way to make a similar groundbreaking impact on our future underst
anding of cells and will significantly contribute to the development of drugs and cell-based therapies. The main objective of the ERC funded project i
s to pioneer research direction of in situ cell profiling by identification of proteins, their abundance and temporal distribution at a single-cell le
vel using nanopore sensors. The approach is the first of its type that can potentially address important biology questions at single-cell level and wi
th a much higher temporal and spatial sensitivity compared to other existing methods. To achieve a major breakthrough in single-cell profiling technol
ogies and pushing the boundaries of in situ proteomics and secretomics, the project is set to achieve the following goals:  To advance the Nanopore Mi
croscopy technology to enable specific detection of proteins of interest To achieve intracellular and extracellular recording of proteins in live sing
le-cells To demonstrate the potential applications of the technology in studying biological processes, such as antibody production in immune cells and
 its connection with the biophysical and biochemical environment of the cell  Job description  You will be developing a platform for the detection of 
protein production and secretion in single cells. An example of application is to study antibody secretion in immune cells upon their activation You w
ill be optimizing recently established scanning nanopore microscope for specific detection of proteins in complex physiological solutions, addressing 
these open research challenges: Specificity of the sensor towards selected proteins: Enhancing the contrast for specific proteins Data analysis: Impro
ving data analysis approaches for capturing more information from each individual protein Sampling from single cells: Developing methods for better sa
mpling from individual cells, and handling of small volume samples You will be collaborating with colleagues from the machine learning domain to impro
ve data analysis You will be responsible for project meetings, reporting, scientific publications, and conference/seminar presentations You will super
vise master/bachelor students  Your profile Successful candidates should have  Solid working knowledge in either biosensing, biotechnology or bioinfor
matic fields Hands-on experience with biosensors, biological sample handling and/or bioassay development. Working experience in cell labs is valuable 
Familiarity with data analysis using signal processing tools is highly valuable Independent personality, self-driven, creative, solution-oriented, ope
n-minded, team-player & collaborative  Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working conditio
ns. You can look forward to an exciting working environment, cultural diversity and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are
 we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents:  CV Cover Letter Transcripts (Optional) Reference Letters  Ple
ase note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not b
e considered. Further information about BMC can be found on our website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Morteza Aramesh 
E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following docum
ents:  CV Cover Letter Transcripts (Optional) Reference Letters  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online appl
ication portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about BMC can be found on our website. Questions
 regarding the position should be directed to Prof. Morteza Aramesh E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBe
werbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


VacanciesAWIN AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BernVacanciesPurpose of position Data sits at
 the heart of the company. This role is to ensure that Awin is able to leverage the data it has access to across the group and build out reporting to 
ensure we are able to make better commercial decisions and provide best-in-class campaign management to support client facing departments. As a (Senio
r) Data Engineer, your responsibility is to design and develop data warehouse to accommodate new data sources, build new data marts and cubes. You hav
e proven communication and analysis skills. You are a strong team player, able to work with minimal supervision and keen to implement and improve our 
standards and working practices. Furthermore, you understand data and business requirements and are able to translate into technical requirements. You
 write clean and high-quality code, easy to understand and maintain. You are able to implement various methodologies of data extraction, transformatio
n and storage and successfully apply your experience and knowledge to create new and improve existing data streams. Within the role, you are able to b
reak down requirements with clear instructions to your junior team members. You act as a role model and professional advisor to the former and take ov
er responsibility as project lead. As a member of Data Services department you will be working with a global team of data engineers and data analysts 
amongst other big data engineers within the organization. This role is a 12 months fixed-term contract. Key Tasks & accountabilities  Write clean, ele
gant and maintainable code with data warehousing best practices and modelling techniques (Kimball, Star Schema etc.) Integrate new data sources into o
ur existing data warehouse Participate in data warehouse design and architecture to support ETL development projects Find new ways for automation over
 repetitive and manual tasks Develop security procedures to protect databases from unauthorized usage Evaluate existing data warehouse and recommend i
mprovements for performance efficiency Develop best practices for data warehouse design and ETL development activities Be responsible for data quality
, accuracy and readiness of data warehouse in timely fashion for all kinds of reporting purpose  Education & experience  Bachelor degree or higher in 
Data Science, Data Engineering, Business Intelligence, Business Administration or similar education with focus on Data Engineering / Intelligence / An
alytics is preferred 3+ years' experience as a Data Warehouse Developer, Data Engineer with Python or similar Strong experience with full Microsoft Az
ure data engineering pipelines (Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, ADLS, Azure Event Hub, Azure SQL DB) Strong knowledge of Scrum practices and ag
ile mindset Very strong knowledge of databases and database administration, ideally MSSQL and MYSQL Very strong knowledge in designing end-to-end ETL 
solutions using Microsoft Azure technology Very strong knowledge of data arear and dimensional modelling Very strong knowledge in data warehousing bes
t practices and modelling techniques (Kimball, Star Schema etc.) Strong knowledge with cloud services (Azure and AWS) and experience with BI/Data Anal
ysis technologies  Skills & Core competencies  Very strong analytical skills to translate business need into actions with proactive approach,, deliver
ing project on time and budget Very strong understanding of the principles of machine learning Creative mind-set to bring new ideas and push the data 
warehouse development Willingness to change, learn and start initiatives Ability to face existing challenges in a self-reliant way with the courage to
 take autonomous decisions if needed Very strong communication and interaction skills Very strong project and process management competency, keen to d
eliver project on time/budget without compromising on quality and results Team player, willing to develop  Our Offer  Flexi-Week and Work-Life Balance
: We prioritize your mental health and well-being, offering you a flexible four-day Flexi-Week at full pay and with no reduction to your annual holida
y allowance. We also offer a variety of different paid special leaves. Working Wherever: Do you prefer to work from our cool office, from home, or in 
a completely different environment? With us, the choice is yours. We offer the flexibility to work wherever you want within our Awin locations. Health
 & Well-Being: With our support and access to various initiatives and sports offers, you can devote yourself to your mental and physical well-being. D
evelopment: We’ve built our extensive training suite Awin Academy to cover a wide range of skills that nurture you professionally and personally, with
 trainings conveniently packaged together to support your overall development. Remote Working: You will receive a monthly allowance to cover a part of
 your running costs. In addition, we will support you in setting up your remote workspace appropriately. Appreciation: Thank and reward colleagues by 
sending them a voucher through our peer-to-peer program, and show your appreciation for colleagues who have gone the extra mile to support you.  Estab
lished in 2000, Awin is proud of our dynamic, social, and inclusive culture. Like all businesses, we’ve had to adapt and nurture our culture in a virt
ual environment. Our virtual ‘Life @ Awin’ hub brings our colleagues from across the globe together for various social activities. Diversity & Inclusi
on are paramount to us, and we proudly pursue and hire diverse team members. We champion uniqueness and authenticity; this is who we are at our core. 
Our network of affiliate partnerships is diverse and transparent, as are the employees powering our vision to build the world’s leading open partner e
cosystem. We welcome all backgrounds, identities, and experiences. If you need support at any point in the application or interview process, please le
t us know. Apply now to begin the next stage of your career at a progressive company that supports both your professional and personal development.Kon
taktAWIN AG(0)2 Jobshttps://www.awin.com/chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Head of Legal EngineeringLegartis Technology AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 Juli 2023Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZurichHead of 
Legal EngineeringDescription100%, Germany (remote) or Switzerland (hybrid), starting as soon as possible______________________________________________
____________________ Welcome to the future of law! Are you a seasoned legal professional looking for a new challenge outside of traditional legal care
ers? Do you have an unwavering curiosity for cutting-edge technologies and AI? Do you want to become part of an inclusive and agile team? Then let's c
onquer the world together! We are Legartis, a LegalTech startup, that is paving the way for the next era of legal innovation by revolutionizing contra
ct review with the help of artificial intelligence. As the Head of Legal Engineering, you will report into our CEO and play a pivotal role in driving 
our vision forward. We are seeking someone who not only has a deep understanding of contract law and the intricacies of contract reviewing but also po
ssesses an entrepreneurial mindset. You will have the opportunity to shape the future of our SaaS solution, leveraging your expertise to build innovat
ive solutions and services that redefine the way legal professionals approach their work.  Our team consists of brilliant legal minds, data scientists
, engineers, sales and marketing experts. We are a team of highly motivated employees who work closely together and live the collegial culture of expe
rimentation, trust, and transparency. Working at Legartis should be fulfilling and fun. Does that sound like the right place to you? Then send us your
 contact details and CV by clicking on the link below. You are uncertain if you should apply because your experiences are not an exact match with our 
requirements? Let that not stop you. Instead, let us know why you think you can do the job anyway! Your mission You will be leading an the Legal Engin
eering team. On a day-to-day basis you will: Design automatable commercial contract concepts and language in various ways, including prompting and the
 creation of prompt libraries. Oversee the evaluation and improvement of the Legartis AI solution and datasets, analyze the AI results and provide leg
al feedback for further developments. Interact with customers to translate their requirements and to determine how their legal review tasks can be tur
ned into an automated review process. Plan and manage various projects and co-developments with customers. Setup and further develop our professional 
services to make sure our clients make the most out of the Legartis solution. Lead a team of legal professionals, fostering a collaborative environmen
t and guiding their efforts in driving our product, ensuring efficiency, and continuous growth. Your profile You hold a Master’s degree in Law or equi
valent (any additional education or the admission to the bar is a plus); You have profound post-qualification experience in drafting, reviewing and ne
gotiating commercial contracts (e.g. NDAs, Service Agreements, Construction Agreements, Software License Agreements); You have proven experience in ad
vising clients in the review of contracts, and you are able to build strong client relationships; You have excellent (legal) communication and writing
 skills in German and English (any further language such as French, Spanish or Portuguese is a plus) and enjoy analysing language and have a good feel
 for linguistic nuances; You are interested in current business trends involving AI, machine learning and prompting, especially generative AI solution
s such as ChatGPT; experience with prompting is a big plus; You have experience in planning, managing and executing projects independently and are abl
e to manage multiple priorities/projects in a fast-paced environment; You have a track record of successful leadership and enjoy motivating others; Yo
u have an innovative and proactive mindset, capable of identifying opportunities, solving challenges creatively, and challenging the status quo; You d
emonstrate ownership, accountability and willingness to drive projects forward and embrace change; You are able to improvise and make judgements quick
ly and based on little information; You are a motivated, flexible individual who values teamwork, complemented by a responsible and organized personal
ity. Why us? Work with a talented and dedicated team of researchers and engineers; Shape an industry: Legal tech is still at an early stage. Together 
with Legartis you can shape an entire new industry; If you live outside of Switzerland, you have the possibility to work 100% remotely; 100% position 
in an agile startup with the opportunity to grow with the company; Competitive, fixed salary; 5 weeks of holidays with the possibility to take 2 weeks
 unpaid leave; A diverse and talented international team with flat hierarchies; Great opportunities to make an impact and grow professionally; Central
ly located office in the heart of Zurich; Hybrid work model; Regular team events such as apéros, lunches, restaurant testing or hikes. ProcessMutual r
espect and transparency are two core values of Legartis which shall shine through the whole hiring process. Learn each other's expectations: Have a ch
at with Legartis HR and the hiring manager and get an understanding of Legartis and the role you are interested in. We in turn want to get to know you
 and your expectations of your next challenge. Demonstrate your abilities: complete challenges at the crossroads between law, technology & client rela
tions. Get to know the team in the Zurich office and have a final chat with the CEO Make a decision: Shortly after the final interview, we’ll let you 
know whether we’d like you to join the team. Auf diese Stelle bewerben About us We are Legartis, a LegalTech startup that changes the way contracts ar
e analyzed today. Our SaaS solution uses AI to review contracts, just like a professional does, but a lot faster. We are a growing and ambitious team 
determined to eliminate repetitive work from the lives of our users. Since our incorporation in 2017, we have won various awards such as the Swiss Fin
tech Awards, were listed as a Top100 startup in Switzerland or named by Forbes as one of the best AI startups in the DACH region.  Auf diese Stelle be
werben Kontaktlegartis technology AG(0)1 Jobhttps://legartis.aiBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Design++ Postdoctoral Fellowship 2024ETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDesign++
 Postdoctoral Fellowship 2024Design++ Postdoctoral Fellowship 2024 100%, Zurich, fixed-term Design++ is the new Center for Augmented Computational Des
ign in Architecture, Engineering and Construction at ETH Zurich. The vision of the center is to create novel solutions to address pressing sustainabil
ity challenges while pushing construction productivity and striving for high-quality built environmental spaces. In Design++, we see that the path to 
such a future within the architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industry is via innovation in computational methods, artificial intelligenc
e (AI) and extended reality (XR). To achieve this, Design++ supports collaborative, cross-departmental research activities and industry exchange. Proj
ect background The Design++ postdoctoral fellowship program is expected to develop a strong emphasis on innovation in augmented computational design i
n the AEC industry. This fellowship program aims to support talented researchers in bringing promising technologies and solutions further into develop
ment with an emphasis on commercialization. The intention is to help fill an implementation gap for promising technology and solutions which promote r
esource efficiency, circularity, integrated planning processes and to reduce carbon emissions in the AEC industry. Research topics include, but are no
t limited to the following:  Establishing innovative methods or digital tools (for example based on AI, machine learning, XR) for the full value chain
 from design to fabrication for new construction or renovation projects Advancing XR and Robotics to support planning, construction, prefabrication, a
nd renovation Creating methods for augmenting/automating building information modeling (BIM), to bridge the gap between construction and operation Dev
eloping data-driven digital planning to advance innovation for facades and building skins, construction and structures, interiors, and/or building ser
vices  Job description The primary responsibility of the Postdoctoral researcher is to lead the research agenda outlined in their proposal within the 
two-year fellowship. The fellow is expected to provide a short annual report of the progress of their research project to Design++ (in the respective 
12th and 22nd month of employment). As a fellow, you are also expected to actively participate and support the planning of industry exchanges to promo
te knowledge transfer in the AEC industry. Other obligations such as teaching, defined by the fellow’s hosting professors should also be fulfilled. To
gether with other Design++ affiliated researchers and staff, you are expected to join and support scientific exchanges, social events and participate 
in other Design++ activities such as workshops, summer/winter schools, conferences, etc. Your profile We are looking for highly motivated fellows who 
demonstrate scientific excellence and who have an innovative research proposal within one of the above outlined topics. The selection criteria include
:  previous performance, publication record, and potential awards track record relative to opportunities and career stage competence in the proposed r
esearch area uniqueness and scientific quality of the research proposal fit of the Design++ postdoctoral fellowship with the career goals of the appli
cant the compatibility of the research proposal with the vision of Design++ intended contributions to the center’s goals of knowledge transfer with in
dustry and scientific exchange  Eligibility Criteria: At the time of the submission deadline, candidates must hold or plan to complete their doctorate
 (PhD) within four months of the submission deadline. The doctorate may be in architecture, civil engineering, computer science, mechanical engineerin
g, material science, or other relevant fields to the proposed research project. Applicants must have obtained their doctorate a maximum of six years p
rior to the submission deadline. The decisive date is the date of the oral examination or defense. Your workplace Your workplace We offer At Design++,
 we offer a modern, dynamic, multidisciplinary and international work environment. You will be embedded within Design++ and therefore have access to t
he network of experts across ETH, the world leading Immersive Design Lab, state-of-the-art XR equipment, and will join a growing cohort of motivated a
nd talented researchers. The duration of the Design++ postdoctoral fellowship is two years. Fellows will be employed and paid according to the standar
d regulations of ETH Zurich. The Design++ fellowship covers 75% of your salary and social costs, the remaining 25% should be covered by two hosting ET
H professors over the two-year fellowship. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Application Process: Calls for applications will be published once p
er year. One fellow will be selected per year for a two-year fellowship position. Applications are encouraged from candidates with a keen interest to 
advance their research, validate the concept for market entrance, and propose new business models around the proposed research topics within the AEC i
ndustry. Applications must be made jointly by the candidate and two hosting professors from different ETH departments who are willing to act as mentor
s of the fellow. At least one of the two professors must be a Design++ Research Network member and at least one host professor must have a guaranteed 
ETH position for the entire duration of the proposed fellowship. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online appl
ication portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Your application should include all requested information in one sin
gle pdf no larger than 15 pages and must be submitted until May 22nd:  a detailed CV including a list of publications and awards transcripts of certif
icates (Doctorate, Master’s degree, other degrees) a research statement (1-2 pages) outlining the intended research proposal, potential for commercial
ization and intended collaborators a statement (1 page) outlining motivation, experience, research interests, and career goals The application must al
so include one letter of support signed by the two ETH Zurich hosting professors, stating their support of the project, and detailing the level of ind
ependence and the scientific autonomy that will be granted to Design++ fellow in the event of acceptance. Additionally, the letter must confirm that t
he host professors are willing to: Jointly provide 25% of the salary and social costs of the fellow between the two professorships. This amount is con
sidered either a contribution to the project or to activities of the host professorship(s), for example in terms of teaching and/or mentoring. Integra
te the fellow in both research groups. Provide the fellow with a main workplace and access to the infrastructure required to complete the proposed res
earch work during the two-year fellowship.  The evaluation consists of two steps. First, the written applications will be evaluated by the selection c
ommittee, the results of which will be communicated to the applicants within one month after the submission deadline. Candidates whose applications pa
ss the first step will be invited to an interview (virtual or on-site). The evaluation process for 2024:  March 15: Call opens May 22: Applications du
e May 30: Decision on candidate short-list and an invitation to those candidates for an interview June 7: Virtual or on-site interviews in Zurich June
 15: Decision announcement for the selected fellow; notify all applicants and corresponding host faculty via e-mail August 1: Estimated start of the f
ellowship, offer is valid for four months  Further information about Design++ can be found on the website. Questions regarding the position should be 
directed to Dr. Danielle Griego, Tel +41 44 632 52 32, or email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Application P
rocess: Calls for applications will be published once per year. One fellow will be selected per year for a two-year fellowship position. Applications 
are encouraged from candidates with a keen interest to advance their research, validate the concept for market entrance, and propose new business mode
ls around the proposed research topics within the AEC industry. Applications must be made jointly by the candidate and two hosting professors from dif
ferent ETH departments who are willing to act as mentors of the fellow. At least one of the two professors must be a Design++ Research Network member 
and at least one host professor must have a guaranteed ETH position for the entire duration of the proposed fellowship. Please note that we exclusivel
y accept applications submitted through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Your applicat
ion should include all requested information in one single pdf no larger than 15 pages and must be submitted until May 22nd:  a detailed CV including 
a list of publications and awards transcripts of certificates (Doctorate, Master’s degree, other degrees) a research statement (1-2 pages) outlining t
he intended research proposal, potential for commercialization and intended collaborators a statement (1 page) outlining motivation, experience, resea
rch interests, and career goals The application must also include one letter of support signed by the two ETH Zurich hosting professors, stating their
 support of the project, and detailing the level of independence and the scientific autonomy that will be granted to Design++ fellow in the event of a
cceptance. Additionally, the letter must confirm that the host professors are willing to: Jointly provide 25% of the salary and social costs of the fe
llow between the two professorships. This amount is considered either a contribution to the project or to activities of the host professorship(s), for
 example in terms of teaching and/or mentoring. Integrate the fellow in both research groups. Provide the fellow with a main workplace and access to t
he infrastructure required to complete the proposed research work during the two-year fellowship.  The evaluation consists of two steps. First, the wr
itten applications will be evaluated by the selection committee, the results of which will be communicated to the applicants within one month after th
e submission deadline. Candidates whose applications pass the first step will be invited to an interview (virtual or on-site). The evaluation process 
for 2024:  March 15: Call opens May 22: Applications due May 30: Decision on candidate short-list and an invitation to those candidates for an intervi
ew June 7: Virtual or on-site interviews in Zurich June 15: Decision announcement for the selected fellow; notify all applicants and corresponding hos
t faculty via e-mail August 1: Estimated start of the fellowship, offer is valid for four months  Further information about Design++ can be found on t
he website. Questions regarding the position should be directed to Dr. Danielle Griego, Tel +41 44 632 52 32, or email E-Mail schreiben (no applicatio
ns).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Metallbauschlosser / inBIKO Engineering AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:LyssachMetallbausch
losser / inWir sind ein traditionelles Familienunternehmen, das sich in 30 Jahren zum weltweiten Innovationsleader von Wäschereimaschinen und zum Schw
eizer Marktleader von Transportgeräten entwickelt hat. Unser hoher Qualitätsanspruch wird von unseren langjährigen Partnern im In- und Ausland geschät
zt. An unserem Standort in Lyssach entwickeln und bauen wir zudem hoch moderne Automationsanlagen auf der Basis eines so genannten Vision-Systems mit 
künstliche Intelligenz (Deep Learning Software). Infolge unserer äusserst erfreulichen Auftragslage streben wir den nächsten Wachstumsschritt an. Zur 
Verstärkung unseres aktuellen Teams suchen wir nach Vereinbarung eine(n). Metallbauschlosser / inIhre Aufgaben:   Fertigen von Metallkonstruktionen   
Selbständiges lesen von Plänen und erstellen von Einzelteilen   Erledigen von allgemeinen Schlosserei- und Schweissarbeiten   Mechanische Arbeiten im 
Bereich von Metall- und Blechbearbeitungen   Montagen und Funktionskontrollen  Ihr Profil:   Abgeschlossene Lehre als Metallbauschlosser/in oder Anlag
en und Apparatebauer/in   Einige Jahre Berufserfahrung im Fachgebiet   Erfahrung mit TIG, MIG, MAG Schweissverfahren   Teamfähige, lernbereite, kommun
ikative und ergebnisorientierte Persönlichkeit  Wir bieten Ihnen:   Gute Einführung in das Tätigkeitsgebiet   Selbständige und eigenverantwortliche Ar
beitsausführung   Ein familiäres Arbeitsumfeld   Renommiertes Industrieunternehmen der Region   Mitgestaltung von der Idee bis zur Inbetriebnahme   En
twicklungsmöglichkeiten in die Bereiche Maschinenbau/Automation  Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Bei Fragen gibt Ihnen Herr Martin Heer gerne detaill
iertere Informationen. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Foto. BIKO Engineering AGHerr Martin HeerMoserstrasse 153421 Lys
sachTel.:034 448 43 51E-Mail: 51@biko.chWeitere interessante Stellenausschreibungen finden Sie unter www.biko.ch. BIKO Engineering AG Moserstrasse 15 
CH-3421 Lyssach +41 34 448 43 43 www.biko.ch mail@biko.ch  CHE-106.648.335 MWST1/1KontaktBIKO Engineering AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job meld
en


Software Engineer in IndustrieinformatikBIKO Engineering AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:14 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Ly
ssachSoftware Engineer in IndustrieinformatikWir sind ein traditionelles Familienunternehmen, das sich in 30 Jahren zum weltweiten Innovationsleader v
on Wäschereimaschinen und zum Schweizer Marktleader von Transportgeräten entwickelt hat. Unser hoher Qualitätsanspruch wird von unseren langjährigen P
artnern im In- und Ausland geschätzt. An unserem Standort in Lyssach entwickeln und bauen wir zudem hoch moderne Automationsanlagen auf der Basis eine
s so genannten Vision-Systems mit künstliche Intelligenz (Deep Learning Software). Infolge unserer äusserst erfreulichen Auftragslage streben wir den 
nächsten Wachstumsschritt an. Zur Verstärkung unseres aktuellen Teams suchen wir nach Vereinbarung eine(n). Software Engineer in Industrieinformatik I
hre Aufgaben:   Mithilfe bei der Steuerungsauslegung, Bestellung- und Bereitstellung der Hardwarekomponenten   Maschinensoftware entwickeln mit strukt
uriertem Text, Basic und Kontaktplan   Fachliche Unterstützung bei der Inbetriebnahme der Maschinen   Steuerungsdokumentationen erstellen   Fernwartun
g der Anlagen sowie Unterstützung von Kunden und Servicetechnikern   Softwareweiterentwicklungen, Anpassungen und Einstellungen von Maschinen bei Kund
en  Ihr Profil:   Abgeschlossene Ausbildung als Informatiker BSc FH   Freude an der objektorientierten Programmierung   Deutsche Muttersprache, gute E
nglischkenntnisse   Begeisterung für das technische Umfeld   Teamfähige, lernbereite, dynamische und pflichtbewusste Persönlichkeit  Wir bieten Ihnen:
   Gute Einführung in das Tätigkeitsgebiet   Selbständige und eigenverantwortliche Arbeitsausführung   Ein familiäres Arbeitsumfeld   Renommiertes Ind
ustrieunternehmen der Region   Mitgestaltung von der Idee bis zur Inbetriebnahme   Entwicklungsmöglichkeiten in die Bereiche Maschinenbau/Automation u
nd Nutzung, Anwendung von künstlicher Intelligenz  Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Bei Fragen gibt Ihnen Herr Martin Heer gerne detailliertere Inform
ationen. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre vollständigen Bewerbungsunterlagen mit Foto. BIKO Engineering AGHerr Martin HeerMoserstrasse 153421 LyssachTel.:034 4
48 43 51E-Mail: E-Mail schreibenWeitere interessante Stellenausschreibungen finden Sie unter www.biko.ch. BIKO Engineering AG Moserstrasse 15 CH-3421 
Lyssach +41 34 448 43 43 www.biko.ch E-Mail schreiben  CHE-106.648.335 MWST1/1KontaktBIKO Engineering AG(0)9 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Cloud Data Platform Expert/ArchitectElca informatique SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:23 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Züric
hCloud Data Platform Expert/Architect Über ELCA Wir sind ELCA, einer der grössten Schweizer IT-Stämme mit über 2'200 Experten. Wir sind multikulturell
 und haben Niederlassungen in der Schweiz, Spanien, Italien, Frankreich, Vietnam und Mauritius. Seit 1968 bietet unser Team aus Ingenieuren, Business-
Analysten, Software-Architekten, Designern und Beratern massgeschneiderte und standardisierte Lösungen an, um die digitale Transformation von grossen 
öffentlichen Verwaltungen und privaten Unternehmen in der Schweiz zu unterstützen. Unsere Tätigkeit erstreckt sich über mehrere Bereiche von Spitzente
chnologien wie KI, Machine & Deep Learning, BI/BD, RPA, Blockchain, IoT und CyberSecurity.    Unsere Business Line «Data, Analytics & AI» ist verantwo
rtlich für die Bereitstellung und Nutzung von Technologieplattformen, welche die Wertschöpfung unserer Kunden fördern. Die zahlreichen exklusiven Proj
ekte unterscheiden sich in Ausprägung, Branchen und Unternehmen. Wir suchen einen motivierten Cloud Data Platform Expert/Architect, mit Erfahrung in d
er Implementierung von komplexen verteilten Datenplattformen und Anwendungen, um grosse Datenmengen zu verarbeiten. Idealerweise eine erfahrene Person
, die mit Analytics-Technologien wie Hadoop, Spark, MPP- und NoSQL-Datenbanken und insbesondere Cloud-Infrastruktur (Azure Fabric, AWS Redshift und Da
tabricks) gut vertraut ist.     Als Cloud Platform Architect arbeitest Du in mehreren Teams mit u.a. Data Engineers, Business Analysts und Data Scient
ists zusammen, um hochmoderne Data Analytics-Plattformen aufzubauen und zu betreiben. Die Rolle erfordert technische Fähigkeiten im Analytics-Ökosyste
men mit Fokus auf Cloud-Infrastruktur und open-source Software.  Du beteiligst Dich an mehreren Cloud Data Platform-Projekten und fungierst als Mentor
 der Mitglieder von Projektteams sowie als zentrale Anlaufstelle für unsere Kunden Du unterstützt die Akquisition neuer Kundenprojekte, indem Du Angeb
ote vorbereitest und mit dem Kunden besprichst.  Du bist mitverantwortlich für Design, Code und Konfiguration  von Komponenten, die Data Ingestion, Ec
htzeit-Streaming, Batch Processing, Datenextraktion und Transformation über mehrere Datenquellen und Anwendungen hinweg verwalten Du coachst andere Te
ammitglieder in innovativen Technologien Du interagierst mit Engineering-Teams über Projekte hinweg und stellst sicher, dass Deine Lösungen die Kunden
anforderungen in Bezug auf Funktionalität, Leistung, Verfügbarkeit, Skalierbarkeit, Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit erfüllen Du arbeitest mit Business 
Analysts und Data Scientists zusammen, um deren Use Cases zu verstehen und zu ermöglichen       Vielfältige Möglichkeiten, Dein Wissen und Deine Erfah
rung durch die Mitwirkung an einer breiten Palette an spannenden Projekten mit vielfältigen Kunden und modernen Technologien zu erweitern Attraktive P
erspektiven für Karriere und persönliche Entwicklung mit attraktiven internen Karrierepfaden sowie Training und Coaching Eine flache Hierarchie und ei
ne Kultur der Zusammenarbeit über alle Disziplinen hinweg Die Chance, durch deine Mitarbeit in Analytics-Projekten etwas in der Gesellschaft zu bewege
n Work-Life-Balance (41 Std/W in Gleitzeit, Möglichkeit für Homeoffice, mind. 25 Ferientage), ergonomischer, moderner und flexibler Arbeitsplatz in ei
nem multikulturellen Umfeld Interessante Benefits wie z.B.: Beitrag an bestehendes Mobiltelefon oder Business Handy, 1/2- Tax Abonnement und geschäftl
ich unterwegs im Zug mit 1. Klasse, attraktive Pensionskassenmodelle, Übernahme der NBU (privat, weltweit), fortschrittliche Kranktaggeldversicherung 
sowie Flottenrabatt       Technischer Hochschulabschluss ETH/UNI/FH  Über 5 Jahre Erfahrung in der Bereitstellung und Automatisierung von Cloud-Lösung
en mithilfe von Azure, AWS, Databricks, Kubernetes oder Terraform Über 3 Jahre Implementierungsfertigkeiten mit Analytics-Technologien wie Spark, Kafk
a, Hadoop oder Delta Lake Kenntnisse in Software-Engineering-Best Practices des gesamten Entwicklungszyklus, inkl. Codierungsstandards, Code-Reviews, 
Quellcodeverwaltung, Build-Prozesse, Tests und Betrieb Hervorragende mündliche und schriftliche Kommunikationsfähigkeiten Starke zwischenmenschliche F
ähigkeiten, u.a. kollaborativ zu arbeiten Mehrjährige Beratungserfahrung von Vorteil Fliessend in Deutsch und Englisch, weitere Sprachfertigkeiten von
 Vorteil KontaktELCA Informatique SA(0)29 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Entwicklungsingenieur für Systemsimulation (m/w/d) Rheinmetall Air Defence AGBewerbenJob merkenAuf einen BlickVeröffentlicht:24 April 2024Pensum:100%V
ertrag:FestanstellungSprache:Englisch (Fliessend) Arbeitsort:Zürich WOFÜR WIR SIE SUCHEN   Suchen Sie eine Tätigkeit mit Gestaltungsspielraum und Entw
icklungsmöglichkeiten? Dann sind Sie bei uns genau richtig! Wir bieten Ihnen ein dynamisches Umfeld mit der Möglichkeit, sich einzubringen und einen E
inblick in viele spannende Projekte zu bekommen.  Zu Ihren Aufgaben gehören insbesondere:  Erarbeiten von Systemlösungen und Durchführen von umfassend
en System-Simulationen Realisierungen von Feuerleitungen und intelligenten Ablaufsteuerungen in der Flugabwehr Anwenden von bekannten Werkzeugen und S
prachen aus dem Bereich Data Science, Signaltechnik und Machine/Deep Learning (Matlab, C++, Python) Designen von Softwaremodulen mit Model-Based Desig
n Ansatz Fachliches Führen von komplexen Entwicklungsaufgaben im Teamverbund Erstellen von System- und Schnittstellenspezifikationen Eigenständiges Er
arbeiten und Umsetzen von Softwarelösungen Mitarbeiten bei Erprobungen, Feldversuchen und Kundenabnahmen im In- und Ausland Auswerten von Testresultat
en sowie Verfassen von Studien und Berichten   WAS SIE MITBRINGEN SOLLTEN   Hochschulabschluss als Ingenieur in einem der folgenden Gebiete: Computer 
Science, Robotics, System and Control; Elektrotechnik und Informationstechnologie, Data Science, Maschineningenieurwissenschaften oder vergleichbare V
ertiefte Kenntnisse in Machine/Deep Learning, Signaltechnik, Optimierungen, Datenfusion Kenntnisse aus mindestens einem dieser Bereiche: Radartechnik,
 Lasertechnik, elektrische Motoren, Bildverarbeitung, Infrarottechnik, Echtzeitsysteme, Messtechnik Sehr gute Anwenderkenntnisse mit Matlab, idealerwe
ise auch C/C++, und typische SW Entwicklungstools (Git) Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse in Wort und Schrift Flexibilität für Kurzaufenthalte
 im Kundenland (wenige Tage bis einige Wochen) Hohe Selbstständigkeit und gleichzeitige Fähigkeit zur Zusammenarbeit in interdisziplinären und interku
lturellen Teams   WAS WIR IHNEN BIETEN   An unserem Standort in Zürich bieten wir Ihnen:   Flexible Arbeitszeiten (Gleit- und Vertrauensarbeitszeit); 
Home-Office, wo möglich und sinnvoll Sehr gute Sozialleistungen und ein erfolgsorientiertes Gehalt Sofort ab Eintritt im Krankheitsfall erfolgt die vo
lle Gehaltsfortzahlung (inkl. 13. Monatslohn) vom ersten bis max. zum 730. Tag Mitarbeitervorteile eines Großkonzerns, z. B. betriebliche Altersvorsor
ge, Mitarbeiteraktienkaufprogramm und gratis Grippeimpfung Förderung von bedarfsgerechter Weiterbildung Personalrestaurant sowie externe Verpflegungs-
 und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten in der Nähe Verschiedene Vergünstigungen (z.B. Versicherungsprodukte, Mobiltelefonabonnemente) Individuelle interne sowie e
xterne Personalentwicklungsmaßnahmen in Zusammenarbeit mit unserer Rheinmetall-Academy Case Management und individuelle Sozialbetreuung Arbeitsplatz w
enige Gehminuten vom Bahnhof Zürich-Oerlikon entfernt, Bushaltestelle vor dem Haus   KONTAKTDETAILS  Zuständige/r Ansprechpartner/in: Jascha Köster Fü
r Fragen zu Ihrer Bewerbung, nutzen Sie bitte das Kontaktformular.  Wir weisen darauf hin, dass Dossiers von Personalvermittlern nicht berücksichtigt 
werden. KontaktRheinmetall Air Defence AG(0)25 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD Position in Robotic System Integration for Musculoskeletal Robotic HandsETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichPhD Position in Robotic System Integration for Musculoskeletal Robotic HandsPhD Position in Robotic System Integration
 for Musculoskeletal Robotic Hands 100%, Zurich, fixed-term Project background The future of robotic manipulation lies in the development of systems t
hat closely mimic the complex structures and capabilities of the human hand. Traditional motor-driven robotic hands, while effective for a range of ta
sks, lack the versatility, sensitivity, and adaptability of their biological counterparts. This project focuses on bridging this gap by leveraging mus
culoskeletal robot technologies. You will embark on a comprehensive study of existing muscle-like technology and robotic hands, drawing inspiration fr
om nature to design and develop a robotic hand that outperforms classic designs in terms of dexterity, efficiency, and functionality. This involves in
tegrating advanced muscle and tendon systems, incorporating cutting-edge sensing and proprioceptive technologies, and controlling the hand through sop
histicated control algorithms and machine-learning techniques. Job description The doctoral research will be multidisciplinary, involving the analysis
 of current musculoskeletal technologies and the design of innovative robotic hands. You will focus on:  Analyzing existing muscle technologies and ro
botic hand systems, studying natural mechanisms of manipulation Designing and developing a robotic hand using muscle-like actuators and tendons, aimin
g for superior performance compared to traditional motor-driven hands Integrating sensing and proprioceptive technologies to enhance the hand's functi
onality and control Employing advanced control strategies and machine learning approaches, including imitation learning, for effective manipulation  Y
ou will closely collaborate with other PhD students working on muscle technology, manipulation, control, and machine learning. The output of the PhD t
hesis will significantly contribute to the advancement of musculoskeletal robotics, particularly in the field of manipulation, setting a new benchmark
 for robotic hands. Your profile We are seeking a highly motivated, exceptional candidate with a passion for pioneering research in robotic system int
egration and musculoskeletal robotics. The ideal candidate should:  Hold a master's degree in robotics or a related field such as mechanical engineeri
ng or electrical engineering Have an excellent track record and meet the general admission requirements for a doctorate at ETH Zurich Possess prior re
search experience in robotics, actuator development, or related areas Be experienced or have a keen interest in machine learning, control theory, and 
sensing technologies Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in an interdisciplinary team  Experience in design and fabrication of robotic sys
tems, especially those incorporating novel actuator technologies, is highly desirable. Familiarity with machine learning techniques, such as imitation
 learning, and a background in biological or biomimetic systems would be advantageous. Your workplace Your workplace We offer ETH offers an exciting o
pportunity, and admission is highly competitive. The fellows will be employed according to the regulations of ETH Zurich. Upon completing the doctorat
e, the fellows are awarded the title "Doctor of Sciences (Dr. sc. ETH Zurich)". ETH Zurich is a family-friendly employer with excellent working condit
ions. You can expect an exciting working environment, cultural diversity, and attractive offers and benefits. We value diversity Curious? So are we. W
e look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents in a single merged PDF document, titled with your last name and initi
als as well as the application date (for example, 20240301_DoeJane_application) in the following order:  Cover letter with a description of your resea
rch achievements and research interests Detailed CV Transcripts of all degrees (English) Names and contact information of at least three references Re
presentative published research work (e.g., papers and thesis)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online appli
cation portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our group can be found on our website. Ques
tions regarding the position should be directed to Ronan Hinchet under the email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich Curious? So are 
we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents in a single merged PDF document, titled with your last name and 
initials as well as the application date (for example, 20240301_DoeJane_application) in the following order:  Cover letter with a description of your 
research achievements and research interests Detailed CV Transcripts of all degrees (English) Names and contact information of at least three referenc
es Representative published research work (e.g., papers and thesis)  Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online 
application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about our group can be found on our website.
 Questions regarding the position should be directed to Ronan Hinchet under the email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobsht
tps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Robotics Engineer Intern / AutonomyFlyability SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:PaudexRoboti
cs Engineer Intern / Autonomy  Do you want to dive into the fast-growing industry of drones and get a rewarding experience in a dynamic start-up envir
onment?  At Flyability, we believe that robots should be sent into hazardous places and dangerous situations instead of humans. To support our belief,
 we created Elios, the world’s first collision-tolerant flying robot that for the first time allows remote entry to complex and indoor spaces. With mo
re than 100 employees, Flyability is the pioneer in the UAV indoor inspection industry. Joining Flyability is not just taking on a new job, it is seiz
ing the opportunity to improve the life of millions of people and build the future of robotics. To complete our creative and dynamic team in Lausanne,
 we are seeking a   Robotics Engineer Intern / Autonomy (100%)  Starting date: as soon as possible     Your role:  In this role, you will collaborate 
intensively with our engineering team on a variety of stimulating research and applied projects within the Autonomy team. You will have the opportunit
y to work directly with our advanced drones, integrating complex algorithms with sophisticated sensor technologies to enhance drone autonomy and perfo
rmance.    What you will own:    Conduct comprehensive research and evaluation of state-of-the-art solutions for cutting edge problems in robotics Cre
ate Proof Of Concepts illustrating the feasibility and value of chosen solutions Going on missions for testing the system in real-world environments  
  We require a Bachelor degree in Engineering. We look for autonomous, self-motivated and curious individuals who are not afraid of the unknown and wi
lling to learn fast, with experience in some of these fields:  Good understanding of topics such as computer vision, SLAM, sensor fusion, motion plann
ing, control algorithms and sensors used for robotics Good  proficiency in C++ and Python Experience with ROS1 or ROS2 Good level of English. French o
r any additional language an asset A team player willing to work in a dynamic and ambitious team A practical and hands-on approach, focused on develop
ing iterative prototypes to turn research concepts into tangible prototypes Previous drone experience is a plus    Flyability is a young Swiss company
 that values independent thinking combined with a collaborative spirit. Every day, you will have the opportunity to share your ideas and contribute to
 solving problems. We all work together, and each voice is important to move forward.  Ready to join?  We know the confidence gap and impostor syndrom
e can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don't hesitate to apply — regardless of your past experience or resume, we'd love to
 hear from you. BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Drone Research EngineerUniversität ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:15 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichDrone Research 
EngineerThe Robotics and Perception Group is led by Prof. Davide Scaramuzza.Our lab was founded in February 2012 and is part of the Department of Info
rmatics, at the University of Zurich, and the Department of Neuroinformatics, which is a joint institute of both the University of Zurich and ETH Zuri
ch.Our mission is to research the fundamental challenges of robotics and computer vision that will benefit all of humanity. Our key interest is to dev
elop autonomous machines that can navigate all by themselves using only onboard cameras and computation, without relying on external infrastructure, s
uch as GPS or position tracking systems, nor off-board computing. Our interests encompass predominantly micro drones because they are more challenging
 and offer more research opportunities than ground robots.  Drone Research Engineer    Your responsibilities   Continuous improvements of our robotic 
systems Maintaining a fleet of quadrotors and a set of robot demos Setting up and conducting experiments in the lab and in the field Code reviewing, c
ode optimization, and implementation of new features Full-time, but part-time applicants will be considered Work on project LINA, a high-tech testing 
infrastructure of autonomous systems     Your profile   Knowledge of German or Swiss German (C1-C2 level) and familiarity with Swiss working system M.
Sc. or B.Sc. in Mechanical Eng., Electrical Eng., Computer Science, or related field Knowledge of C++ and Python Experience with embedded systems Abil
ity to work organized and independently Good communication skills in English Plus: Robot Operating System (ROS) Plus: Knowledge of FPV quadrotor hardw
are and firmware Plus: Experience piloting RC aircraft, or willingness to learn Plus: 3D CAD experience (Onshape) Plus: Soldering and hardware prototy
ping     What we offer   Work on cutting-edge research in a world-class robotics laboratory that demonstrated the first AI to beat a human in a physic
al sport Be a member of a collaborative team of vision, systems, control, and machine-learning scientists Possibility to pursue your own research proj
ects Possibility to pursue a PhD     Further information  E-Mail schreiben KontaktUniversität Zürich(0)140 Jobshttps://www.bascompte.netBewerbenJob me
rkenDiesen Job melden


Internship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Computing Lab: 50%, 4 Months | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewa
ndte WissenschaftenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:16 April 2024Pensum:50%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichInternship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Comp
uting Lab: 50%, 4 Months | ZHAW Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte WissenschaftenInternship at ZHAW Neuromorphic Computing Lab: 50%, 4 Months You can j
oin a dynamic and highly interdisciplinary team to help in either technical work on groundbreaking technology for assistive robots: event-based camera
, neuromorphic computing hardware, and novel motion control strategies; or help with performing user studies on requirements and acceptability of assi
stive robots in healthcare and elderly care. School: Life Sciences und Facility Management Starting date: 1 th August 2024 Version 1, Technical intern
ship:  You will write software to test a new smart event-based camera that we have recently built You will implement and test neural-network architect
ures for object detection and tracking or for 3D vision using this camera You will document the software and write a report about your work This work 
can be formulated as a BSc or MSc thesis and might lead to scientific publications or dem OR  OR Version 2, User study internship:  You will help to d
evelop questionnaires and use case scenarios (story boards) to find out the requirements, needs, and challenges for robotic assistants in healthcare Y
ou will help determine the relevant stakeholders and fine-tune the interview questions to different groups You will conduct the interviews online or f
ace to face You will analyze the results of the interviews and help formulate a hierarchy of use cases, their requirements and constraints and write a
 report about the study This work may lead to a publication and can be the basis for a BSc or MSc thesis  Option 1:  BSc or MSc in Computer Science, E
lectrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or similar Good programming skills (python, c++); Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Visio
n and/or Robotics  Option 2:  BSc or MSc in Social Sciences, Humanities, or Life Sciences  Zurich University of Applied Sciences ZHAW is one of Switze
rland's largest multidisciplinary universities of applied sciences, with over 14'000 students and 3'400 faculty and staff. Life Sciences and Facility 
Management: Study and research in Wädenswil: practical, creative, passionate and reflective. Our expertise in life sciences and facility management in
 the areas of the environment, food and health enables us to make a vital contribution to solving social challenges and improving quality of life The 
ICLS Institute of Computational Life Sciences embraces computational science as an interdisciplinary approach to address complex challenges and develo
p innovative solutions in key areas of health, society, environment and nutrition. Our team of around 60 employees has extensive experience in managin
g interdisciplinary projects. The Neuromorphic Computing Group at ICLS develops advanced neural-network based algorithms, software libraries, and syst
ems with the new generation of computing chips – brain-inspired neuromorphic sensing and computing hardware. We focus on perception, motion planning, 
and control for robotic actuators with applications in life sciences: healthcare, agriculture, food processing, and smart environments. We follow a hu
man-centered design approach to develop new generation of physical AI systems that are power-efficient, adaptive, and safe. ZHAW is committed to gende
r-mixed and diverse teams in order to promote equality, diversity and innovation. Wir bieten hochschulgerechte Arbeits- und Anstellungsbedingungen an 
und fördern aktiv die Personalentwicklung unserer Mitarbeitenden und Führungspersonen. Eine detaillierte Beschreibung der Vorteile ist auf der Webseit
e «Arbeiten an der ZHAW» zu finden. Hier die wichtigsten Eckpunkte: Prof. Dr. Yulia Sandamirskaya Manuela Laure Recruiting ManagerKontaktZürcher Hochs
chule für Angewandte Wissenschaften(11)62 Jobshttps://www.zhaw.chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Software Engineer (Data & Tools)Daedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichSoftware E
ngineer (Data & Tools) About us:    Daedalean  is a Zürich-based startup founded by experienced engineers who want to completely revolutionize air tra
vel within the next decade. We combine computer vision, deep learning, and robotics to develop full “level-5” autonomy for flying vehicles.     Your r
ole:  Lead the Tooling team in a hands-on way. Apply your understanding of infra, UI and systems interfaces to build applications that will play criti
cal role in certifying first machine learning-based products in aviation. Take the responsibility for all of our software that does not fly: from devo
ps-related tools to teams-specific infrastructure to developing in-house solutions. \n      You are smart and get things done, and have:  Experience w
ith big data pipelines and distributed processing. Strong problem-solving capabilities. Applied software engineering skills in Golang and Rust. The in
sight when to move from the shell script throwaway to the properly written (but not overengineered) server. Experience with image/video processing (no
t mandatory but certainly a plus).     Benefits:  A team of experienced engineers and researchers, who joined us from most recognized companies and in
stitutions. Difficult and interesting problems to solve.  Test flights in the Swiss Alps for you to join. Stock options. Pilot license subsidy. Hybrid
 work setting. Learning & Development budget: visit conferences of your choice. Gym membership.     \n KontaktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedale
an.ai/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


PhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEngETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:25 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:PraktikumArbeitsort:ZürichPhD st
udent in Physiological Sensing/BioEngPhD student in Physiological Sensing/BioEng 100%, Zurich, fixed-term The Sensing, Interaction & Perception Lab is
 looking for a PhD student in physiological sensing. This job ad is intentionally short and only complete applications will be considered. In short, p
romising applicants have built their own physiological sensor before (e.g., PPG, ECG) and custom PCB as part of an embedded device. To learn more abou
t our research, check out our website Project background Background will be our previous work on mobile health, continuous physiological sensing, and 
precision medicine. Job description We will work on novel sensing prototypes for physiological signals, embedded systems, signal processing, and physi
ological modeling related to our previous work. Your profile Prerequisites Candidates should have an excellent master's degree in Electrical Engineeri
ng, Bioengineering, Mechatronics, Robotics, Computer Science, or related. Candidates should also have: 1) demonstrated experience in physiological sen
sing and hardware prototyping  comprehend, process, and evaluate hardware datasheets & schematics schematic & PCB layout design (e.g., in Altium, Cade
nce, KiCad), ideally simulation tools like LTspice hands-on soldering prototypes and assembling them to working units firmware development and debuggi
ng (C/C++) low-level interfaces and communication standards (I2C, SPI, UART, BLE, ...)  2) demonstrated experience in basic human physiology, especial
ly  understanding basic cardiac physiological processes experience working with physiological data analyze cardiac data of cardiac dysfunction for res
earch purposes  3) demonstrated experience in signal processing  physiological sensing systems (e.g., PPG, ECG, EOG, ...) bonus: ML-based signal proce
ssing (deep learning on time series)  Application documents to be submitted  a PDF showing your projects that are most relevant to this position  (thi
s should include at least one custom physiological sensing device that you created and describe the signal processing you performed, on device or offl
ine post-hoc)  your CV university score records (for undergrad and master's) contact details of at least two academic referees  This position is not a
 match for candidates who have exclusively worked with existing datasets and designed machine learning methods for them. All applications require a de
monstrated experience in sensing and hardware prototyping. Your workplace Your workplace We offer We offer an exciting environment to study and work i
n. For more information, check out ETH has several internationally recognized research groups dedicated to hardware prototyping, electrical engineerin
g, robotics, signal processing, physiological computing, and machine learning. We collaborate with several of them as well as institutions and compani
es in Switzerland and abroad. We value diversity Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We process applications in two s
tages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the outcome of their submission 
within a month. Please do not send your documents via email. About ETH Zürich Curious? So are we. Please apply through the system to get in touch. We 
process applications in two stages, where a shortlist of candidates will be interviewed in the second stage. All applicants will be notified about the
 outcome of their submission within a month. Please do not send your documents via email.KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk AdvisoryErnst & Young AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:05 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichQuant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory  In a wor
ld that’s changing faster than ever, our purpose acts as our ‘North Star’ guiding our more than 300,000 people – providing the context and meaning for
 the work we do every day. In doing so, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, clients and communities. Thanks to 
our innovative services in auditing, tax consulting as well as transaction and management consulting, we proudly lead our clients into the future.    
As the only one of the Big 4 with a specialist cross-border practice dedicated to the Financial Services Sector, we offer our clients seamless, consis
tent and high-quality services around the globe.    Our Advisory business offers a broad range of functional and cross-country services dedicated to p
roviding high-value and trusted advice to clients, with a specific focus on business transformation programs in the Financial Services industry. For o
ur team in Zürich we are looking for a Quant & Analytics Intern - Financial Services Risk Advisory     What you can expect – enriching experiences tha
t will last a lifetime   Support our advisory as well as financial and regulatory audit engagements with leading financial institutions in risk manage
ment by:  Reviewing and developing quantitative models for measuring various risks (market risk, credit risk, operational and fraud-related risks)  Va
luating financial products and contracts  Applying innovative techniques such as advanced analytics (AI/ML), robotics process automation and blockchai
n Analyzing the risk management function and risk appetite of our clients and assessment of adherence to market, credit, liquidity and operational ris
k regulatory requirements   You will be supported by a "counselor" who will guide you throughout your internship      What you can contribute – skills
 for shaping the future   You have recently graduated or are currently finishing a master’s degree in a quantitative field (mathematics, physics, stat
istics, financial or computational engineering, econometrics)  A strong interest in financial risk management and/or applying advanced analytical meth
ods like machine learning in the financial risk management world  You have some programming experience with languages such as (but not limited to) Pyt
hon, R, C# or VBA  You are curious about innovation (such as AI/ML, robotics and blockchain) and applying new and classical quantitative techniques to
 solve risk management problems  You speak excellent German and English, Italian or French is a plus You are open minded, with excellent interpersonal
 and communication skills and the ability to demonstrate initiative and a flexible working style in a multinational team      Do you have challenging 
plans? Stick to them and realize your goals with us! Design your career with EY in a culture that promotes diversity and education.     International 
multi-cultural team of highly motivated advisory professionals Constant personal development with a steep learning curve – a system of trainings, ment
oring, counselling and on-the-job learning Modern working environment and equipment, fostering mobile working flexibility  Transparent performance-bas
ed recognition and progression system      Become part of our high-performing teams!    Do the next step and apply for this position online at www.ey.
com/ch/careers.    Ref. No: ZUR001H1. For further information please contact our recruitment team at recruitment.switzerland@ey.com or by phone at +41
 58 286 33 66 KontaktEY (Ernst & Young AG)(5)221 Jobshttps://www.ey.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Strategic Procurement ManagerDaedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichStrategic Pro
curement Manager Daedalean is a Zürich-based startup founded in 2016 by experienced engineers who want to completely revolutionize air travel within t
he next decade. The company has 100+ people and we combine computer vision, deep learning, and robotics to develop full “level-5” autonomy for flying 
vehicles, both existing aircraft and the electric VTOLs that you may have seen in the media.        Your Role:  You will actively contribute to the fo
rmulation, execution and evolution of procurement strategies related to locating, evaluating, contracting and maintaining the best sources of supply f
or the materials and services required by the Development teams while considering all aspects such as quality, value, performance, cost and the abilit
y to respond quickly to changing supply requirements, incl. licensing and logistics services. You will take the ownership, responsibility and accounta
bility for supplier and vendor selection and development. \n     Your Tasks:  Establish and implement procurement strategy of aircraft system componen
ts, services and contract negotiations Negotiate, create and manage terms and conditions for contracts with chosen suppliers. Driving an active and su
ccessful supplier management process Conducting price negotiations, cost monitoring and cost reductions Maintaining continuous and timely procurement 
related data, documenting and archiving procurement data according to internal processes Handling Supplier Change Requests (SCR), managing obsolescenc
e and Problem Reports (PR) processes Collaborating with internal departments as well as suppliers strategically Ensure setting up of tools and process
es to achieve the above Establish, implement and maintain inventory management system Collaborate with relevant stakeholders to monitor and manage sup
plier performance against agreed-upon metrics. Leading one employee in the procurement department     Preferred Qualifications and Experience:  You ar
e smart and get stuff done. Have a degree in purchasing, supply chain management, business administration, Engineering or another related field. At le
ast 10 years professional experience in aerospace procurement in a global environment. Experience in maintaining, developing, and implementing procure
ment processes and strategies as well as contract management. A proven track record in leadership or motivated to gain their first leadership experien
ce Experience in quality management, ideally in EN 9100 or Part 21G/J is highly desired. Your confident and communicative nature, coupled with a high 
level of service awareness, makes it easy for you to deal with customers and suppliers. You will be able to work independently and in a structured man
ner, contributing to a solution-oriented and successful team. Full working proficiency in English, German and further languages are an advantage     B
enefits:  A team of experienced engineers and researchers, who joined us from most recognized companies and institutions. Difficult and interesting pr
oblems to solve.  Test flights in the Swiss Alps for you to join. Stock options. Pilot license subsidy. Hybrid work setting (2 days WFH per week). Lea
rning & Development budget: visit conferences of your choice. Gym membership.    \n KontaktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedalean.ai/BewerbenJob m
erkenDiesen Job melden


Computer Vision EngineerSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Schli
erenComputer Vision Engineer"insightness sight for your deviceJob Profile - ComputerVision Engineer(Full-time or Internship)Insightness is a spin-off 
company of the University of Zurich and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, no
vel "Silicon Eye" vision sensor (ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to driv
ers, software and computer vision algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, 
targeted at emerging markets such as augmented reality devices. We recently released our second evaluation kit including our own camera and event-base
d visual-inertial odometry framework (https://goo.gl/F2pk5W). Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names 
we have recently signed a deal for a really exciting project. Now we are looking for skilled engineers and interns to strengthen our software team.Sho
uld you be interested in working on acutting-edge technology together with players that can change the future of computation, come and join us because
 we are one of very few places in Switzerland that allows you to do so.BenefitsJob Description e Become an integral part of a small, highly e Develop 
new event- and frame-based computer motivated and skilled team where you can have vision algorithms a major impact e Improve our existing algorithms e
 Gain insights into problems beyond software: e Integrate and deploy the algorithms in actual chip & product design, business, :  products and demonst
rate them to third parties e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility and e Characterize, profile and test new processingFreedom blocks e Working 
on cutting-edge technology forRequirements applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual and Augmented Reality e Practical experience with computer vi
sion e Work with the world's biggest and most e C++, Matlab or Python, OpenCV, Eigen, ROS influential technology companies e Fluency in English e Adva
nced problem-solving skills: identifyApplication problems, come up with novel solutions andVisit our website for more information. Submit evaluate the
ir performance your Cover letter, CV and Transcripts to our email e Ability to work efficiently and independently address to apply for this position. 
Starting date: As e Excellent communication skills soon as possible. e Highly motivated team player e Background in engineering or science withaSpinof
f ETHzürichInsightnessP strong diplomaMax-Hôggerstr. 6 E-Mail schreiben e Swiss Work Permit8048 Zürich www.insightness.com e Plus: Experience with SLA
M, Machine Learning,3D graphics, IMUs, advanced C++, git, library deployment, cross-platform developmentwww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Jo
b melden


Electronics Engineer InternSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Sc
hlierenElectronics Engineer Intern"insightness sight for your device  Job Profile - ElectronicsEngineer InternshipInsightness is a spin-off company of
 the University of Zurich and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, novel "Silic
on Eye" vision sensor (ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to drivers, softw
are and computer vision algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, targeted a
t emerging markets such as augmented reality devices. Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names we have 
recently signed a deal for a really exciting project.Now we are looking for skilled people to strengthen our hardware team. Should you be interested i
n discovering the start-up world and working on a cutting-edge technology together with the players that build the technology of tomorrow, come and jo
in us because we are one of very few places in Switzerland that allows you to do so.BenefitsJob Description e Become a part of asmall, highly motivate
d andThe actual task assigned to you will be defined skilled team where you can have a major impact according to your skill set and your demands. e Ga
in insights into problems beyond hardware:Possible tasks include: computer vision, product design, business etc. e Improving our sensor characterizati
on setup. e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility andThis means controlling instruments from theFreedom computer using python scripts, recordin
g data e Working on cutting-edge technology for automatically etc. applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual e Design a PCB (schematics, layout) f
or one of our and Augmented Reality camera modules e Work with the world's biggest and most e Add features to our FPGA firmware influential technology
 companies e Design and simulate features for our next test e Chance to get a full-time position after chip internshipRequirementsApplication e Bachel
or in Electrical Engineering or similar,Visit our website for more information. Submit ideally close to finishing your studies your Cover letter, CV a
nd Transcripts to our email e Advanced problem-solving skills: identify address to apply for this position. problems, come up with solutions and evalu
ate their performanceSpinoff Hazara e Fluency in EnglishInsightness5 e Excellent communication skillsMax-Hôggerstr.6 E-Mail schreiben e Highly motivat
ed team player8048 Zürich www.insightness.comwww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Systems & Control Intern - Localization (6 Months)Verity AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:08 Mai 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Zür
ichSystems & Control Intern - Localization (6 Months) Mission: Verity is seeking a Systems & Control Intern to join our Localization team. This team i
s at the forefront of developing sophisticated features for our industrial indoor drone systems. We focus on enhancing the technology that allows dron
es to precisely localize themselves in indoor environments, specializing in the creation and maintenance of fast, accurate, and robust mapping and sta
te estimation algorithms. Your Role: Design, develop, and improve existing and novel algorithms related to our industrial vision-based localization sy
stem Identify and contribute to improvements of tools and processes related to deployment and manufacturing of our localization technology Engage with
 complex drone localization challenges, gaining practical experience in systems & estimation and software engineering techniques in a team of dedicate
d engineers. Collaborate with multidisciplinary engineering teams and take ideas to production Your Experience: Currently pursuing a degree (MSc) in r
obotics, computer science, or relevant field Strong academic record and demonstrated ability to convert theory into practice Practical knowledge of C+
+, Python. Knowledge of collaborating on code using git is a plus. Deep understanding of state estimation, systems and control is highly desired Knowl
edge of machine learning and computer vision concepts is highly desired Creative approach to problem-solving Fluent in English, both written and spoke
n Who you are: You are capable of working autonomously, with excellent interpersonal and communication skills. With an exceptional sense of responsibi
lity and a proactive approach, you thrive on taking initiative. Your work method is analytical, structured, and results-oriented. Moreover, you are in
herently curious, always eager to step out of your comfort zone and embrace new learning opportunities. Why Verity? Flexibility of a hybrid work envir
onment. You can arrange start and finish times around your life. A great engineering culture, including flat hierarchies, an open-door policy, and a f
ocus on joint responsibility and mutual trust and support Working with a skilled, high-achieving, experienced, and fun team—with lots of opportunities
 to develop your professional career and grow with the company Annual team-building events, quarterly and monthly get-togethers, knowledge-sharing tal
ks, game nights, and more 25 days of annual leave Welcoming office space complete with friendly team members, free snacks (fresh fruits, coffee, and m
ore!), and fun activities—we’re dog-friendly! We strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. All qualified applications wil
l receive consideration for employment without regard to race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender, age, physical [dis]ability, gender i
dentity or length of time spent unemployed. KontaktVerity AG(0)12 Jobshttps://www.verity.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Digital IC DesignerSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SchlierenD
igital IC Designer"insightness sight for your deviceJob Profile - Digital IC Design EngineerInsightness is a spin-off company ofthe University of Zuri
ch and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, novel "Silicon Eye" vision sensor (
ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to drivers, software and computer vision
 algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, targeted at emerging markets such
 as augmented reality devices. Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names we have recently signed a deal 
for a really exciting project.Now we are looking for skilled engineers to strengthen our hardware team. Should you be interested in working on a cutti
ng-edge technology together with the players that build the technology of tomorrow, come and join us because we are one of very few places in Switzerl
and that allows you to do so.Job Description e Design and simulate the complete digitalBenefits architecture of the vision sensor chip e Become an int
egral part of a small, highly e Guide the digital backend flow: synthesis, motivated and skilled team where you can have layout, extraction, optimizat
ion etc. a major impact e Work inclose contact with the analog IC design e Gain insights into problems beyond hardware: team to design the entire chip
 computer vision, product design, business etc. e Support PCB design and firmware development e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility and e Hel
p in device characterization and testingFreedom e Working on cutting-edge technology forRequirements applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual e M
asters or PhD in Electrical Engineering or and Augmented Reality equivalent e Work with the world's biggest and most e Proven experience in digital IC
 design influential technology companies e Excellent knowledge of VHDL and Verilog e Good command of digital design flow CAD toolsApplication  (e.g. C
adence Encounter, Synopsys, etc.)Visit our website for more information. Submit your Cover letter, CV and Transcripts to our email e Ability and willi
ngness to work independently address to apply for this position. Starting date: As e Fluency in English soon as possible. e Good communication skills 
e Plus:Spinoff Was- Experience in mixed-signal simulationInsightness5- Experience in production testMax-Hôggerstr. 6 E-Mail schreiben development8048 
Zürich www.insightness.com- Experience with image or vision sensor designwww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business DeveloperSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:SchlierenBu
siness Developer"insightness sight for your deviceJob Profile - Business Developer(junior or senior)Insightness is a spin-off company of the Universit
y of Zurich and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, novel "Silicon Eye" vision
 sensor (ASIC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to drivers, software and comput
er vision algorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, targeted at emerging mar
kets such as augmented reality devices. We recently released our second evaluation kit including our own camera and event-based visual-inertial odomet
ry framework (https://goo.gl/F2pk5W). Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names we have recently signed 
a deal for a really exciting project. Now we are looking for a motivated business developer to further grow our business.Should you be interested in w
orking with a cutting-edge technology and with customers that are writing the future of computation, come and join us.BenefitsJob Description e Become
 an integral part of a highly motivated e Study the relevant markets (AR/VR, consumer and skilled team and shape the way we work electronics, robotics
, automation, IoT, : ) and e Being exposed to the most advanced scout for business opportunities technologies and the latest developments e Create and
 refine the marketing strategy in e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility, collaboration with the teamFreedom and chance to grow fast e Represe
nt Insightness at trade fairs, e Work with the world's biggest and most conventions at customer meetings influential technology companies e Generate l
eads for evaluation kits, NRE projects e Attractive compensation and design wins e Follow up on leads and convert them into salesApplicationRequiremen
tsVisit our website for more information. To apply e Plenty of motivation to find new business for this position, please submit your cover letter and 
opportunities, convert existing ones into salesCV to our email address. Should you already have a and bring the company to the next level lot of exper
ience in the field of business e Excellent communication skills, positive management, please indicate that you would be attitude and fluent in English
 interested in becoming our future head of business e Experience or education in the field of business development. development, marketing and sales e
 Very comfortable with MS Office, CRMs andStarting date: As soon as possible. other digital tools e Basic understanding of and excitement forS inoff E
THzürich electronics and softwareInsightnessÊ [Cozzi |Max-Höggerstr.6 E-Mail schreibenPlus: Massive network in the field of8048 Zurich www. insightnes
s.com components, consumer electronics or other relevant fieldswww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Electronics EngineerSony Advanced Visual Sensing AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:Schlieren
Electronics Engineer"insightness sight for your device  Job Profile - ElectronicsEngineerInsightness is a spin-off company of the University of Zurich
 and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology(ETH Zurich). We develop computer vision systems based on our own, novel "Silicon Eye" vision sensor (AS
IC camera chip). The complete technology stack has been developed in-house: from sensor chip and camera PCB to drivers, software and computer vision a
lgorithms.We are currently building highly efficient systems for visual localization, mapping (SLAM) and tracking, targeted at emerging markets such a
s augmented reality devices. Some of the world's biggest companies are our customers and with one of these big names we have recently signed a deal fo
r a really exciting project.Now we are looking for skilled engineers to strengthen our hardware team. Should you be interested in working on a cutting
-edge technology together with the players that build the technology of tomorrow, come and join us because we are one of very few places in Switzerlan
d that allows you to do so.- Experience in embedded softwareJob Description engineering e Design and develop hardware for event-based o Experience wit
h serial interfaces, vision systems especially MIPI and USB3 e Develop embedded systems around our Silicon o Experience with Linux device driversEye v
ision sensor e Optimize, improve and miniaturize current hardware designsBenefits e Work in various scopes such as System design, e Become an integral
 part of a small, highlyFPGA design, PCB design, programming of motivated and skilled team where you can have embedded processors, firmware design and
 a major impact low-level software engineering e Gain insights into problems beyond hardware: e Write detailed technical reports and computer vision, 
product design, business etc. documentation e Experience the startup culture - Flexibility andFreedomRequirements e Working on cutting-edge technology
 for e Masters or PhD in Electrical Engineering or applications in Robotics, Automation, Virtual similar and Augmented Reality e Experience in embedde
d system design e Work with the world's biggest and most e Proven experience in FPGA programming with influential technology companiesVHDL and/or Veri
log e Programming experience in C/C++ApplicationVisit our website for more information. Submit e Ability to work efficiently and independently your Co
ver letter, CV and Transcripts to our email e Fluency in English address to apply for this position. Starting date: As e Excellent communication skill
s soon as possible. e Highly motivated team player e Plus:Se] fi ETHzürich- Experience in PCB design andInsightness i knowledge of tools such as Altiu
mMax-Höggerstr.6 E-Mail schreibenDesigner8048 Zurich www. insightness.com- Experience in signal and power integritywww.insightness.comBewerbenJob merk
enDiesen Job melden


Stage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)ROLEX SABewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:27 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:Festanst
ellungArbeitsort:BienneStage - Machine Learning pour le Contrôle Automatique de Procédé (APC)    Introduction    Pour notre  département Qualité Sécur
ité Environnement, nous recherchons un Stagiaire Data Scientist  (H/F) dont la mission principale sera de mettre en pratique des outils de Machine Lea
rning pour généraliser le contrôle automatique de procédé (APC) en se basant sur l’ensemble des données de production disponibles.      Responsabilité
s     Faire une étude bibliographique du sujet Mettre en forme les données pour la problématique en question Entraîner des modèles permettant la bonne
 maîtrise du procédé grâce aux données historiques et contextuelles Proposer une méthode permettant de traiter la question de manière générique sans f
aire d’ingénierie spécifique au système considéré       Profil     Etudiant niveau master en data science, robotique, physique ou mathématiques, avec 
de très bonnes connaissances en machine learning classique et profond Bonne connaissance de Python Bonnes capacités d'abstraction  Des connaissances e
n statistiques, et en particulier dans la maîtrise statistique des procédés (MSP), sont un plus       Conclusion    Nous vous offrons un environnement
 stimulant, d'excellentes conditions de travail et des prestations sociales de premier ordre. KontaktRolex SA(0)133 Jobshttps://www.rolex.comBewerbenJ
ob merkenDiesen Job melden


Commercial Legal Counsel with Aviation Experience 60%-100%Daedalean AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:04 April 2024Pensum:60 – 100%Vertrag:Festanstel
lungArbeitsort:ZürichCommercial Legal Counsel with Aviation Experience 60%-100%Daedalean is a leading player in building autonomous piloting software 
systems for general aviation, civil aircraft and urban air mobility of today and advanced aerial mobility of tomorrow. The company has 150+ people wit
h expertise in machine learning, robotics, computer vision, path planning, as well as aviation-grade software engineering, certification, safety asses
sment, and flight testing. We have offices in Zürich, Switzerland, Riga, Latvia, and Phoenix, Arizona (US).    Are you interested in supporting a vari
ety of projects from a legal perspective in a fast-paced and dynamic environment? You have the chance with us. You will play an important role from da
y one and can contribute to different areas and develop your own career. You will be part of a small, passionate and dedicated legal team of three peo
ple based at our headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. \n      What we offer:  Exciting company in a welcoming and international environment. Good work
ing atmosphere, no rigid structures and flat hierarchy. A role with a high degree of personal responsibility and independence. The opportunity to acti
vely shape and develop your role/job. Free use of David's Gym (in the same building). Be there as we push the boundaries of what is possible and make 
aviation history.     Your tasks and responsibilities  You provide legal advice on procurement projects and customer contracts as well as legal and st
rategic advice to project teams and management, negotiation of agreements, support to drafting of agreements and templates, analysis and advice on cla
ims and general legal/contractual matters. You have experience and deal with general certification and regulatory issues in the aviation industry, inc
luding Dual-Use and Export Control related issues, with internal and external (e.g., EASA / FAA) stakeholders. You contribute to the adaptation of con
tracts and company processes to new legal developments and requirements.  You anticipate and identify legal risks deriving from projects, contracts or
 transactions and provide legal advice to mitigate such risks.  You will be encouraged to diversify your experience over time by supporting different 
business areas, such as IP and Corporate Law, in line with the strategic objectives of the Legal Department.     Desired skills and qualifications:  Y
ou finished your law degree and are fully qualified and licensed lawyer under Swiss law or another jurisdiction. You have gained several years of rele
vant experience as in-house legal counsel or in a law firm in the aviation sector.  You are experienced in contract negotiation and drafting in an int
ernational context.  You bring a profound understanding of the business environment with a good ability to think strategically.  You have an analytica
l, proactive and pragmatic mindset with a problem-solving attitude.  You bring strong written and interpersonal English communication and negotiation 
skills combined with a team player attitude.  Experience with IT/Digital legal matters is a plus.     \n Not a 100% match? Don’t worry - we support yo
ur personal and professional growth with customized development solutions and are looking forward to receiving your application at hr@daedalean.ai Kon
taktDaedalean AG(0)3 Jobshttps://www.daedalean.ai/BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Master Thesis - Large-scale address inferenceVerity AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:26 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichM
aster Thesis - Large-scale address inferenceVerity is the global leader in autonomous indoor drone systems. Our integrated inventory tracking system e
nables zero-error warehousing for retailers, third-party logistics providers, and manufacturers. People generally use addresses to communicate points 
of interest, such as streets and numbers for buildings, aisle numbers in supermarkets, or room numberings inside buildings. People routinely use these
 addressing schemes to find places previously unknown to them, but machines struggle to do so without a complete address book. The goal of this master
 thesis is to investigate estimation methods that infer an address book based on imperfect sparse observations of address-location pairs and logical a
ddressing rules. As an extension, optimal observation sampling methods can be investigated. Relevant topics include: • Machine learning • Bayesian inf
erence • Factor graphs This thesis will be carried out at Verity AG, where fleets of autonomous drones will use the inferred address book to find thei
r way through some of the largest warehouses in the world. Verity’s system is used by industry leaders around the world, including DSV, Maersk, and Ke
he. Verity's live events solutions help create stunning effects for top names in the entertainment industry like Drake, Céline Dion, Justin Bieber, Me
tallica, and Cirque du Soleil. We continuously reach beyond existing limitations to re-think, reimagine, and rework the role of robotics in the world 
today. KontaktVerity AG(0)12 Jobshttps://www.verity.netBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Research Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingETH ZürichBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:10 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertr
ag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:ZürichResearch Engineer in Generative AI for 3D Shape Design in Human Body ModellingResearch Assistant in Generative AI fo
r Morphology Optimization of Assistive Devices 80%-100%, Zurich, fixed-term Are you a highly motivated and enthusiastic researcher looking to make a d
ifference in the field of AI applied in Healthcare? Join us at the Spinal Cord Injury Artificial Intelligence - SCAI Lab at ETH Zurich. Our team of cl
inical and research scientists is dedicated to improving healthcare systems using physiological and clinical information analysis for a closed-loop de
cision support systems in rehabilitation in many health conditions. This position is open for a research engineer in the field of generative design fo
r exoskeletons and orthosis. Focused on developing a novel method for autonomous design of 3D shapes fitting to the user body and optimizing the desig
n to the desired assistance. Dr Diego Paez-Granados in collaboration with Prof. Robert Riener (SMS Lab) will supervise the successful engineer. The po
sition is fully funded for 2 years. A potential extension to a doctoral position can be considered upon performance. Ideal starting date: July 2024 (o
r shortly thereafter). Project background The goal of this project is to leverage advanced machine learning to develop an automated design process of 
mechanical walking aids, analyse gait patterns and make biomechanical simulations embedded in the generative mechanism design process. As a team membe
r, you will experience a range of exciting challenges, including the development of innovative technologies for patient usage, and developing standard
ization methods for customizing aids. You will be based at ETH Zurich and collaborate with the team at the Swiss Paraplegic Center (SPZ) in Nottwil an
d an industrial in our shared project. Job description Wiithin thjs project you will leverage advanced 3D shape construction through generative design
 for the structural improvement of walking aids and biomechanical fitting to the user morphology, developing a software solution that integexpert know
ledge included in the design and fabrication. If you are a highly motivated and creative individual with a passion for innovation, we want to hear fro
m you. Join us and help shape the future of 3D design and additive manufacturing for mechanical and mechatronic aids. Your profile  You have experienc
e in mesh, and CAD with a Master's degree from a university in Robotics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, Highly mot
ivated, self-driven, and shows excellent performance in your studies. CAD, 3D modelling and experience in shape analysis such as surface and topology 
consistency (preferred) Confirmed records on one of the methodological areas: deep learning, topological design, generative AI. (preferred) Proven tra
ck record in deploying machine learning models into production (C/C++/C# or Python) You have first-rate oral and written English skills. Highly organi
zed with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  Your workplace Your workplace We offer To become part of an ambitious, research team offer
ing an outstanding research environment, full access to extensive facilities and great team spirit in close collaboration with international academia 
and industrial partners. This is a unique opportunity to be at the forefront of cutting-edge research in AI for human modelling and fitting, working w
ith state-of-the-art technology and collaborating with a highly motivated research and industrial team. We offer a full-time research assistant/engine
er position (100% or as agreed ) with a competitive salary in accordance with ETH standards. Work location ETH Zurich / Nottwil with flexibility for r
emote work possible. We value diversity Curious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a sin
gle file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is
 transparent or null" One code example with documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' con
tact information  Applications will be processed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted
 through our online application portal. Applications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found 
on our website. Questions regarding the position should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications). About ETH Zürich C
urious? So are we. We look forward to receiving your online application with the following documents as a single file:  CV (2 pages max), Statement of
 interests and self-assessment of your profile match (1 page Max) with the subject line: "AI in healthcare is transparent or null" One code example wi
th documentation, Transcripts of all degrees obtained (in English) A letter of recommendation 2 referees' contact information  Applications will be pr
ocessed regularly until the position is filled. Please note that we exclusively accept applications submitted through our online application portal. A
pplications via email or postal services will not be considered. Further information about HEST can be found on our website. Questions regarding the p
osition should be submitted to Mrs. Ai Sullivan, Email E-Mail schreiben (no applications).KontaktETH Zürich(0)94 Jobshttps://www.eth.chBewerbenJob mer
kenDiesen Job melden


PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Universität St. GallenBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:30 April 2024Pensu
m:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungArbeitsort:St.GallenPhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)Please apply with a CV, t
ranscript of records, a writing sample (e.g., your master thesis or a term paper) and a cover letter in which you clearly describe which of the topic 
areas you are interested in (if more than one, please state your order of preference). In addition, you may add reference letters and GRE, GMAT or TOE
FL scores if you have any of these. For more information, please contact Prof. Dr. Matthias Weber (E-Mail schreiben). Please apply as soon as possible
. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.  PhD Student and Research Associate Positions in Economics and Finance (m/f/d)    Your tasks You w
ill be enrolled in a PhD program of the Graduate Program in Economics and Finance (possible specializations are economics, econometrics and finance) u
nder the doctoral supervision ofProf. Dr. Matthias Weber. You will conduct rigorous research in one of the following topic areas:1.       Machine lear
ning in taxation2.       Understanding preferences on taxation3.       Decision theory and behavioral finance Most of your time will be spent on condu
cting academic research. To a lesser extent, you will assist in teaching activities and engage in outreach activities to make a bridge from academic r
esearch to applications.   Your profile   Master's degree in a relevant field (e.g., economics, econometrics finance or computer science), to be compl
eted by summer 2024 Strong interest in (at least) one of the mentioned research areas Strong interest in conducting academic research Strong interest 
in the application of machine learning methods to real-world data and in the refinement of such methods [topic area 1], in conducting surveys and expe
riments and/or in empirical work [topic area 2] or in theoretical modeling in economics and finance and/or in running experiments [topic area 3]   "A 
place where knowledge is created" - As one of Europe's leading universities of economics and business administration, the University of St.Gallen (HSG
), Switzerland, is committed to the education of over 9800 students. The HSG is one of the largest employers in the region and provides an attractive 
and innovative environment for more than 3300 researchers, educators and professional staff. KontaktUniversität St. Gallen(1)73 Jobshttps://www.unisg.
chBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Business Process Automation LeadThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:19 April 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag:FestanstellungAr
beitsort:AllschwilBusiness Process Automation Lead  Job Description     Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with ann
ual revenue exceeding $40 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are ac
celerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or growing efficiency in their l
aboratories, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 100,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies
, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen,
 Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD.   Fisher Clinical Services GmbH is part of Thermo Fisher Scientific Corporation, a world-clas
s company serving the scientific community and healthcare industry. We are leaders in providing clinical supply chain management services and clinical
 supplies distributed to patients worldwide. For more information about our site in Allschwil please visit: www.fisherclinicalservices.com    Your Res
ponsibilities:   Analyzing current business processes and finding opportunities for automation and AI. Designing and implementing efficient and effect
ive business process automation solutions. Collaborating with customers to understand their requirements and struggles. Providing technical expertise,
 guidance, and support. Supporting the design and implementation of automation and AI solutions. Conducting feasibility studies and cost-benefit analy
sis for automation and AI projects. Leading and supervising automation & AI projects. Developing and maintaining process documentation. Ensuring compl
iance and quality control. Providing training and support to end-users. Monitoring and evaluating the performance of automated processes. Keeping up-t
o-date with industry trends and best practices in business process automation and AI.     Your Qualifications:   Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
, Engineering, or a related field, Master's degree is preferred and 8-10 years relevant business experience. Proven experience in designing and implem
enting automation and AI solutions. Solid understanding of programming languages such as Python, R, or Java. Proficiency in machine learning technique
s, algorithms, and frameworks. Familiarity with automation tools and platforms, such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Analytical AI, and Generativ
e AI. Expertise of data analysis, data visualization, and statistical modeling. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong communication 
and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Ability to work independently and lead multiple pro
jects simultaneously. Continuous learning attitude and willingness to adapt to new technologies and methodologies.    When your part of the team at Th
ermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our fo
od is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you’ll be supported in achieving your career goals. Watch as our colleagues explain 5 reasons t
o work with us (https://jobs.thermofisher.com/global/en/5-reasons-to-work-at-thermo-fisher-scientific) . As one team of 100,000+ colleagues, we share 
a common set of values - Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement - working together to accelerate research, solve complex scientific challeng
es, drive technological innovation and support patients in need. #StartYourStory at Thermo Fisher Scientific, where diverse experiences, backgrounds a
nd perspectives are valued. ​ ​Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com  ​Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not
 discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability o
r any other legally protected status. KontaktThermo Fisher Scientific (Schweiz) AG(0)33 JobsBewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden


Consultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)Camelot Management Consultants AGBewerbenJob merkenVeröffentlicht:21 März 2024Pensum:100%Vertrag
:FestanstellungArbeitsort:BaselConsultant Data Management & Innovations (all genders)                 #WeAreCamelot       Consultant Data Management &
 Innovations (all genders)    Camelot Management Consultants is the multiple award-winning European market leader in Data Management Consulting andAna
lytics pioneer. As Trusted Advisor to our clients and Tier One boutique consultancy for Data & Analytics, we stand for leading-edge expertise, innovat
ive concepts and solutions as well as for superior project quality and results.        Make a difference.       You will be part of Camelot's Innovati
ve Data Solutions team, which is one of the most important innovation drivers of our Data & Analytics Consulting Line and the European Data Management
 Community In particular, you will focus on the interface between data management and digital trends, e.g. artificial intelligence (AI) and robotic pr
ocess automation (RPA) Together with your team, you will drive the development and expansion of a global AI community in data management Your role wil
l involve complex and highly demanding data & analytics projects (strategy consulting, governance, change management, data & process modeling, etc.) w
ith the largest and most exciting global players in various industries, as well as research & development in the field of data & analytics         Bri
ng your experience.       You are characterized by a passion for exploring and learning, as well as a desire to be an enabler of a major digital trans
formation with innovative technologies and solutions You are an expert for digital trends in the combination of data management, data science and mana
gement andbusiness consulting or want to become one You already know how to work with data from your university studies or work experience Ideally, yo
u already have experience with SAP You are a team player and are not afraid of client contact up to top management level You have excellent communicat
ion and presentation skills in  both German and English (must have)        📍 MANNHEIM - COLOGNE - HAMBURG - MUNICH - BASEL - HYBRID    Ready to join? 
Heidrun Lehnertis your contact at Camelot.           Your benefits - what we offer.         We continuously support you in your successful career grow
th through cross-functional onboarding, mentoring, regular feedback, and target-oriented development through a versatile, high-profile, and personaliz
ed training catalog.    Become an innovation leader leveraging the company-wide innovation spirit and implement your visions with blueprints and proto
types.    Work flexibly from the customer site, our office locations, or your home – in short: benefit from our FlexWork concept. Recharge your batter
ies by taking a sabbatical.    Take care of yourself, others, and our planet by participating in our CSR & Diversity Community and Wellbeing & Resilie
nce Center initiatives.    Benefit from various, sustainable corporate discounts, sports options, and different mobility concepts, such as a company b
icycle. Receive an attractive bonus for each employee you recruit as part of our employee referral program. Make provisions for your future with our c
apital formation program and take out a company pension plan supported by us.    Experience the Camelot Spirit through regular company, social, or spo
rts events. Network, get into professional discussions, and stay informed through our internal communication platforms and formats, e.g., Lunch Roulet
tes, Knowledge Nuggets, and Townhall Meetings.          Camelot – Strategies. Innovation. Solutions.      We are a global management and technology co
nsulting firm focusing on value chain management. Our mission: turning our clients’ value chains into a competitive advantage and creating lasting imp
act where our clients need it most. By combining our industry focus, value chain process expertise, and technology know-how, we guide our clients from
 strategy to sustainable technology adoption.    Camelot is committed to diversity. DEIB is firmly anchored in our corporate values, CSR activities an
d entrepreneurial actions. As proud signatories of the Diversity Charter, our doors are open to all talent - regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic
ity, religion, physical ability, age, sexual orientation and identity. At Camelot, you are welcome to be who you are.      Be different. Be you. Be Ca
melot.   #LI-HL1 BewerbenJob merkenDiesen Job melden

